DESC:how did serfdom develop in and then leave russia ?
ENTY:what films featured the character popeye doyle ?
DESC:how can i find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
ENTY:what fowl grabs the spotlight after the chinese year of the monkey ?
ABBR:what is the full form of .com ?
HUM:what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
HUM:what team did baseball 's st. louis browns become ?
DESC:what are liver enzymes ?
HUM:name the scar-faced bounty hunter of the old west .
NUM:when was ozzy osbourne born ?
DESC:why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
HUM:who was the pride of the yankees ?
HUM:who killed gandhi ?
ENTY:what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
LOC:what sprawling u.s. state boasts the most airports ?
DESC:what did the only repealed amendment to the u.s. constitution deal with ?
NUM:how many jews were executed in concentration camps during wwii ?
DESC:what is `` nine inch nails '' ?
DESC:what is an annotated bibliography ?
NUM:what is the date of boxing day ?
ENTY:what articles of clothing are tokens in monopoly ?
HUM:name 11 famous martyrs .
DESC:what is the origin of the name ` scarlett ' ?
ENTY:what 's the second-most-used vowel in english ?
HUM:who was the inventor of silly putty ?
LOC:what is the highest waterfall in the united states ?
ENTY:name a golf course in myrtle beach .
LOC:which two states enclose chesapeake bay ?
ABBR:what does the abbreviation aids stand for ?
ENTY:what does a spermologer collect ?
NUM:how many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
HUM:which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
NUM:how many community chest cards are there in monopoly ?
NUM:when did the neanderthal man live ?
ENTY:in what religion was isis the nature goddess ?
LOC:where do the adventures of `` the swiss family robinson '' take place ?
ENTY:what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
DESC:how can i register my website in yahoo for free ?
ENTY:what was cash-conscious colonel edwin l. drake the first to drill ?
NUM:how many people in the world speak french ?
NUM:how many inches over six feet is the venus de milo ?
DESC:how do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
HUM:what 1920s cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ?
ENTY:what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the book stirred-not shaken ?
HUM:what isps exist in the caribbean ?
DESC:how do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
ENTY:what weapon is the mythological character apollo most proficient with ?
LOC:what country do the galapagos islands belong to ?
DESC:what is ethology ?
HUM:who was the prophet of the muslim people ?
DESC:where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
HUM:who is snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
DESC:what is the nature of learning ?
ENTY:what 's the only color johnny cash wears on stage ?
ENTY:what 's the term for a young fox ?
LOC:what u.s. state lived under six flags ?
DESC:what is the kashmir issue ?
LOC:where is the loop ?
DESC:what does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
DESC:what is titanium ?
HUM:who do herb and tootsie live next door to ?
LOC:which city has the oldest relationship as a sisterðcity with los angeles ?
DESC:why do people get calluses ?
LOC:what are the names of the tourist attractions in reims ?
DESC:what are cushman and wakefield known for ?
LOC:what body of water does the danube river flow into ?
HUM:who is the founder of scientology ?
ENTY:what does the six-footed musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
DESC:what is the history of skateboarding ?
HUM:who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ?
DESC:how do i make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
HUM:what 19th-century painter died in the marquesas islands ?
ENTY:the corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
DESC:how do i log on to home page at headquarters u.s. european command ?
ENTY:what is nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
NUM:how many species of the great white shark are there ?
DESC:what is the origin of head lice ?
LOC:what is the nickname for the state of mississippi ?
ENTY:what was the first domesticated bird ?
NUM:how many villi are found in the small intestine ?
LOC:what country did king wenceslas rule ?
ENTY:what is a fear of shadows ?
HUM:who were the five marx brothers ?
NUM:in which year was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance ?
NUM:when did cnn begin broadcasting ?
DESC:what causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
DESC:what are bear and bull markets ?
ENTY:what j.r.r. tolkien book features bilbo baggins as the central character ?
DESC:what is `` dew point '' ?
DESC:what is the meaning of jesus ?
HUM:what company 's logo is a `` w '' in a circle ?
DESC:what is the definition of a cascade ?
NUM:when did rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
LOC:what country 's national passenger rail system is called via ?
HUM:who invented make-up ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
DESC:what did delilah do to samson 's hair ?
HUM:which of the following was rhodes scholar ?
HUM:who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the champions ?
DESC:how do you make a paintball ?
LOC:what u.s. state is fort knox in ?
LOC:where is the highest point in japan ?
DESC:where do chihuahuas come from ?
LOC:where does barney rubble go to work after he drops fred off in the `` flintstones '' cartoon series ?
LOC:what are the world 's four oceans ?
ENTY:what 's the only work by michelangelo that bears his signature ?
ENTY:what is the largest snake in the world ?
ENTY:in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
LOC:where on the internet can i find a song lyrics database similar to the international lyrics server ?
NUM:how much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
ENTY:what 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
DESC:what does the georgetown `` hoya '' mean ?
ENTY:which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
DESC:how is the election of a new pope announced to the world ?
DESC:how do chickens have baby chicks ?
DESC:what is the historical relationship of catholic church and bingo ?
DESC:how was the element calcium named ?
HUM:what crooner joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama ?
HUM:what piano company claims its product is the `` instrument of the immortals '' ?
NUM:when did the bounty mutiny take place ?
ENTY:what novel inspired the movie bladerunner ?
DESC:what is a transistor ?
ENTY:what is a film starring jude law ?
ENTY:what hollywood dog died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932 ?
ENTY:what are the most common elements in the earth 's crust ?
NUM:how much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
HUM:what actress has received the most oscar nominations ?
DESC:what are equity securities ?
DESC:what is gymnophobia ?
NUM:how many years do fossils take to form ?
LOC:where is the orinoco ?
ENTY:what was the name of the `` little rascals '' dog ?
LOC:what city boasts penn 's landing , on the banks of the delaware river ?
ENTY:what broadway musical was inspired by cervantes 's don quixote ?
NUM:how many hostages were killed in the entebbe raid ?
DESC:how you can raise your iq ?
ABBR:what does inri stand for when used on jesus ' cross ?
HUM:who produces spumante ?
HUM:who earns their money the hard way ?
HUM:who founded the people 's temple commune ?
HUM:what athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
NUM:how many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
HUM:who discovered electricity ?
ENTY:what part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
HUM:who was the first american in space ?
LOC:what two south american countries do n't border brazil ?
ENTY:what album put the beatles on the cover of time in 1967 ?
ENTY:what poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
DESC:what is a dental root canal ?
ENTY:what war did the wanna-go-home riots occur after ?
NUM:what is the busiest air travel season ?
ENTY:what 's the colored part of the eye called ?
DESC:what are hook worms ?
LOC:where is the rose bowl played ?
HUM:which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
HUM:who is the mayor of marbella ?
LOC:what sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the mojave desert ?
NUM:in what year did thatcher become prime minister ?
NUM:how many months does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
NUM:in what year was de gaulle elected president of france ?
HUM:who sings the themes for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ?
HUM:who directed `` jaws '' ?
ENTY:on what t.v. show could tom terrific be found ?
HUM:what indian tribe is f troop perpetually doing battle with ?
DESC:where did indian pudding come from ?
DESC:why do some clothing labels say `` use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
NUM:how many colonies were involved in the american revolution ?
LOC:where can i find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
ENTY:what game 's board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
HUM:what is the name of the managing director of apricot computer ?
HUM:what is the occupation of nicholas cage ?
DESC:why do horseshoes bring luck ?
DESC:what is the 401 , k , plan ?
DESC:what causes pneumonia ?
NUM:what are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
DESC:what does gringo mean ?
LOC:what country contains africa 's northernmost point ?
ENTY:what therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
LOC:what city is sometimes called gotham ?
ENTY:what dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
HUM:who created dennis the menace ?
HUM:what dummy received an honorary degree from northwestern university ?
NUM:when was the first wall street journal published ?
LOC:what countries have the largest areas of forest ?
DESC:how do i start a web based business ?
HUM:name alvin 's brothers
DESC:what is eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
DESC:how did jayne mansfield die ?
HUM:what actor said in a day at the races : `` either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
HUM:what explorer was nicknamed iberia 's pilot ?
NUM:cnn began broadcasting in what year ?
ENTY:what is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
DESC:what makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
HUM:which company created the internet browser mosaic ?
ENTY:what are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in judaism called ?
ENTY:what was the education system in the 1960 's ?
LOC:what south american city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
DESC:how can i find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
DESC:what is betsy ross famous for ?
NUM:how many species of sharks are there ?
DESC:what is `` snoogans '' ?
ENTY:what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
HUM:what organization 's offices were broken into at watergate in 1972 ?
DESC:what is the design of the ship titanic ?
ABBR:what does s.o.s. stand for ?
ENTY:name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
DESC:what is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
DESC:what is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
ENTY:what four forms does gold occur in ?
NUM:what is the acreage of the chappellet vineyard ?
DESC:how do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
NUM:when did beethoven die ?
NUM:how much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
LOC:what two european countries entered the war of american independence against the british ?
DESC:what is the filmmakers collabrative ?
DESC:what caused harry houdini 's death ?
HUM:who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
NUM:how many revolutions does a standard lp make in three minutes ?
LOC:what is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
LOC:where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film journal ?
ENTY:what 's the slowest olympic swimming stroke ?
HUM:what was the name of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
ENTY:what disease is transmitted by the anopheles mosquito ?
ENTY:what rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
NUM:how many south american countries have the letter z in their names ?
DESC:what is the contents of proposition 98 ?
LOC:where was george washington born ?
NUM:how many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd .
DESC:what is paracetamol ?
DESC:what are the powers and weaknesses of green lantern 's ring ?
ENTY:which mosquito 's bite draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn .
NUM:when was the first steel mill in the united states built ?
HUM:what diminutive american female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 olympics ?
DESC:what is the origin of the name katie ?
HUM:what schools in the washington , dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn .
NUM:when did the berlin wall go up ?
HUM:who is terrence malick ?
DESC:what 's the meaning of the latin battle cry : ad arma , ad arma .
ENTY:what is the mascot for notre dame university ?
NUM:when did mount st. helen last have a significant eruption ?
ABBR:cnn is the abbreviation for what ?
NUM:when did world war i start ?
NUM:how many feet are there in a fathom ?
DESC:what is a canada two-penny black ?
LOC:what european city do nicois live in ?
DESC:what is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
ENTY:to what does microsoft 's windows 3 owe its success ?
HUM:who was president of afghanistan in 1994 ?
ENTY:what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
ENTY:what did brontosauruses eat ?
ENTY:what color bottles do good rhine wines come in ?
HUM:who was the lead actress in the movie ` sleepless in seattle ' ?
HUM:who was the 16th president of the united states ?
HUM:who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson ?
DESC:what is molybdenum ?
NUM:when is boxing day ?
ENTY:what is the lowest level of the american judiciary ?
NUM:when was the battle of the somme fought ?
NUM:how many people did randy craft kill ?
ENTY:what 's the official animal of canada ?
NUM:when did spielberg direct `` jaws '' ?
NUM:what is the size of the largest akita ?
ENTY:what animal has the biggest eyes ?
LOC:what is california 's capital ?
HUM:who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
HUM:who was the founding member of the pink floyd band ?
LOC:what european country is home to the beer-producing city of budweis ?
DESC:how do i find the balance of my social security account ?
DESC:what is the history of valentine 's day cards ?
LOC:where was christopher columbus born ?
ENTY:what do italians call florence ?
DESC:how do you get to the top of the eiffel tower ?
ABBR:what does ` psi ' stand for ?
LOC:what sea did the romans call mare nostrum ?
ENTY:what 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
ENTY:which came first , according to genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
LOC:what city did the flintstones live in ?
ENTY:what is latin for incompetent ?
ENTY:what chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
HUM:what toy company is the world 's no.1 maker of female apparel ?
ENTY:what board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
HUM:which doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
ABBR:what is the abbreviation for micro ?
HUM:who has won the most super bowls ?
ABBR:what does nasdaq stand for ?
ABBR:what is bph ?
ENTY:what is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the us ?
LOC:what stadium do the miami dolphins play their home games in ?
HUM:who has the only speaking role in `` silent movie '' ?
DESC:why is poop sometimes different colors ?
NUM:what was einstein 's iq ?
NUM:what day was pearl harbor attacked in 1942 ?
LOC:what state is john f. kennedy buried in ?
ENTY:what is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
LOC:what u.s. state has an element named for it ?
HUM:what company tabulates the ballots in voting for the academy awards ?
NUM:how many years ago did the ship titanic sink ?
ENTY:what are halloween 's colors ?
DESC:how is silk screening done ?
NUM:what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
LOC:where can i find a `` fifth element '' screensaver ?
HUM:which bloom county resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
DESC:how does a rainbow form ?
NUM:what is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
NUM:what is the population of ohio ?
NUM:how many calories are there in a big mac ?
ENTY:what creature scares people in the film `` jaws '' ?
HUM:what part did john peter zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in america ?
HUM:who followed caesar ?
ENTY:what are the four elements ?
HUM:who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
ENTY:what 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
LOC:what is answers.com 's address ?
LOC:where can i buy movies on videotape online ?
HUM:who does the advertizing for frito-lay ?
HUM:who is the leading competitor of trans union company ?
ENTY:what product did robert conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
HUM:who invented the radio ?
NUM:what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u.k. ?
ENTY:what are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
DESC:how do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
HUM:who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
NUM:what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
ENTY:what are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
HUM:what actor first portrayed james bond ?
LOC:what ocean is the largest in the world ?
HUM:who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature , in 1948 ?
NUM:what year did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association tour ?
DESC:what causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
HUM:who won the nobel peace prize in 1991 ?
HUM:who are the challengers of the unknown ?
DESC:define the pheonix club ?
LOC:which city did christian crusaders fight to recapture from the muslims ?
DESC:what does it mean `` rupee depreciates '' ?
ENTY:what gaming devices were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ?
HUM:who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ?
ENTY:what jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 mideast war ?
DESC:how does a copier work ?
NUM:what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
HUM:who said of super bowl iii in 1969 : `` we 'll win- i guarantee it '' ?
ENTY:what is dudley do-right 's horse 's name ?
HUM:who declared : `` i am down on whores and i shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
LOC:where does chocolate come from ?
HUM:what soviet leader owned a rolls-royce ?
LOC:where can i find a case on individuals with disabilities education act of 1991 ?
ENTY:what war did florence nightingale tend the troops in ?
HUM:who wrote the song , `` stardust '' ?
NUM:how many beatles ' records went #1 ?
HUM:who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
ABBR:what is the abbreviation of the company name ` general motors ' ?
LOC:what mountains lie between the arkansas and missouri rivers ?
HUM:who received the will rogers award in 1989 ?
DESC:what is the function of ram ?
LOC:what 's the closest g2 spectrum yellow dwarf to earth ?
NUM:how many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
ENTY:what is the fear of cockroaches called ?
ENTY:what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
DESC:what is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
HUM:what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy craft ?
HUM:what united states president had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
ENTY:what film did lee marvin win the 1965 best actor oscar for ?
LOC:where is basque country located ?
ENTY:what product does `` mrs. olsen '' promote ?
NUM:what time of day did emperor hirohito die ?
DESC:what is dry ice ?
ENTY:what 's the most powerful card in euchre ?
DESC:what does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
NUM:how many years did it take james joyce to write ulysses ?
ENTY:what crop failure caused the irish famine ?
LOC:what south korean city is served by kimpo international airport ?
NUM:how many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
ENTY:what is the longest-running television series ?
ENTY:what predators exist on antarctica ?
DESC:what is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
DESC:how is energy created ?
ENTY:what beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
NUM:what is the quantity of american soldiers still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
ENTY:what golfing accessory was patented by george grant on december 12
ENTY:what are the different types of plastic ?
DESC:how is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
LOC:what was the highest mountain on earth before mount everest was discovered ?
LOC:where was the ligurian republic , 1797-185 , ?
LOC:what country 's people are the top television watchers ?
NUM:when was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
HUM:what polynesian people inhabit new zealand ?
ENTY:what movie tour of the roman empire features the admonition : `` row well and live '' ?
LOC:what nevada center has been dubbed the biggest little city in the world ?
HUM:what president lived at 219 north delaware street , independence , missouri ?
DESC:give a reason for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
LOC:where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
DESC:what is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
LOC:in what u.s. state was the first woman governor elected ?
DESC:what are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
NUM:what year did hitler die ?
HUM:what famous model was married to billy joel ?
ENTY:what kind of animal is babar ?
DESC:what is jane goodall known for ?
NUM:how much money are dumbo 's ears insured for ?
HUM:who danced into stardom with fred astaire in 1941 's you 'll never get rich ?
HUM:who is stein eriksen ?
DESC:what does the name billie mean ?
HUM:who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
LOC:what is the highest peak in africa ?
LOC:what desert has been called the garden of allah ?
ENTY:what do bicornate animals have two of ?
ENTY:what is a fear of weakness ?
NUM:how many miles is it to ohio from north carolina ?
NUM:how much snow equals an inch of rain ?
ABBR:what does g.m.t. stand for ?
DESC:what does inuit and eskimo mean ?
ENTY:what song served as the closing theme of the johnny cash show ?
ENTY:what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
DESC:how do i tie dye clothes ?
DESC:why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
HUM:what actor 's autobiography is titled all my yesterdays ?
HUM:what russian master spy lived in the u.s. under the name emil goldfus ?
LOC:where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
DESC:what 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
LOC:where can i find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
ENTY:what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
ENTY:what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
LOC:where did sarge steel get his metal hand ?
DESC:what makes popcorn pop ?
HUM:who wrote the night of the iguana ?
ENTY:where does your hair grow the fastest ?
LOC:what country did king gustav v reign over from 197 to 195 ?
HUM:who painted mother and child ?
NUM:what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
LOC:in what area of the world was the six day war fought ?
LOC:what is the brightest star visible from earth ?
ENTY:what film marked robert redford 's directorial debut ?
HUM:what was mao 's second name ?
ENTY:what film or films has jude law appeared in ?
LOC:where do hyenas live ?
HUM:who is the `` queen mother '' ?
ENTY:what 's the most commonly-spoken language in belgium ?
HUM:who has more dna - a man or a woman ?
DESC:what are maid-rites ?
ENTY:what children 's tale contains the line : `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
HUM:what level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
NUM:how many referees work a soccer game ?
ENTY:what cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
ENTY:how do you say `` fresh '' in spanish ?
DESC:what do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
DESC:what caused the lynmouth floods ?
NUM:when is the tulip festival in michigan ?
HUM:who came up with the name , el nino ?
ENTY:what movie did madilyn kahn star in with gene wilder ?
ENTY:what type of bridge is the golden gate bridge ?
HUM:what stereo manufacturer is `` slightly ahead of its time '' ?
LOC:what u.s. city is the queen of the pacific ?
HUM:what tv sitcom character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
ENTY:what was the first lifesaver flavor ?
HUM:who kept the most famous diary in the english language ?
LOC:where can i find out the top 1 singles ?
NUM:how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
HUM:what spanish artist painted crucifixion ?
ENTY:what is the jewish bible called ?
DESC:why is the grass green ?
HUM:what spy novelist served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london ?
HUM:which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
NUM:how long does it take for spider-man 's web to evaporate ?
LOC:what was known as the spice island ?
HUM:who was the first host of person to person ?
HUM:name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
ENTY:what deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
ENTY:what does the statue of liberty wear on her feet ?
HUM:who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
LOC:mccarren airport is located in what city ?
ENTY:what household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
ENTY:what was the name of betty boop 's dog ?
NUM:what fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
ENTY:what was the bridge of san luis rey made of ?
DESC:what do economists do ?
DESC:what do i need to do to take my dog with me to live in dominica , west indies for a year ?
LOC:what country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
ABBR:what does sids stand for ?
ENTY:what is grenada 's main commodity export ?
NUM:how much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , thomas jefferson on it , ?
DESC:what makes a clitoris sensitive ?
LOC:what country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
ENTY:what `` magic '' does mandrake employ ?
HUM:who is the president of stanford university ?
HUM:whose first presidential order was : `` let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
ENTY:what was introduced commercially by bayer a.g. of leverkusen , in 1899 ?
LOC:what city is logan airport in ?
DESC:what is a nanometer ?
NUM:how many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
NUM:when did cnn go on the air ?
LOC:what is the largest city on the great lakes ?
NUM:what is the telephone number for the university of kentucky ?
HUM:who invented baseball ?
NUM:how many wives did brigham young have ?
ENTY:what product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
NUM:how long is the coney island boardwalk ?
LOC:what city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
DESC:what does `` janelle '' mean ?
DESC:how do i get another city 's newspaper ?
ENTY:name a movie about the sioux indians starring kevin costner .
HUM:who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
DESC:what are the distinct physical characterstics of the arabian horse ?
ENTY:what animal has killed the most people ?
NUM:how many colleges are in wyoming ?
LOC:what russian seaport has a name meaning `` lord of the east '' ?
LOC:where can stocks be traded on-line ?
NUM:when was the battle of hastings ?
ENTY:what kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
NUM:when did muhammad live ?
ENTY:what then-derogatory term was applied to the painters monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ?
DESC:what is a wop ?
DESC:where do rocks come from ?
DESC:how do i stop background noise in a car stereo ?
LOC:where do people mountain climb in nepal ?
HUM:what is the best college in the country ?
DESC:what is viscosity ?
ENTY:what was the name of the sitcom that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ?
LOC:what are the nordic nations ?
LOC:where on the internet can i get information about the fifth amendment on the american bill of rights ?
LOC:what u.s. state borders illinois to the north ?
ENTY:name a film in which jude law acted .
NUM:what is the temperature for baking peachy oat muffins ?
ENTY:what is a fear of bees ?
ENTY:what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
DESC:what is a green bog ?
LOC:where did the myth of santa claus originate ?
ENTY:what does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
LOC:what city is served by logan international airport ?
HUM:what wrestling star became `` the incredible hulk '' ?
LOC:what attracts tourists to reims ?
ENTY:what game do steve mcqueen and edward g. robinson play in the cincinnati kid ?
ENTY:what fastener did whitcomb judson patent in 1893 ?
DESC:what 's an auberge in france ?
LOC:where is procter & gamble based in the u.s. ?
HUM:what army was founded by william booth and his wife catherine ?
ENTY:what does ribavirin consist of ?
ENTY:name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
LOC:what is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ?
HUM:what was her real name ?
DESC:why are the ears your center of balance ?
HUM:who invented the toothbrush ?
ENTY:what was the name of that popular song the creeps sang ?
LOC:where is the abominable snowman said to wander ?
ENTY:what is a fear of being alone ?
NUM:how many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
ENTY:what do you get by adding lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
ABBR:when reading classified ads , what does eenty : other stand for ?
NUM:how many hearts does an octopus have ?
ENTY:what plant has the largest seed ?
LOC:what was the only country you were allowed to drive into israel from in 1979 ?
ENTY:what 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` oil '' ?
HUM:what baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
ENTY:what kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
HUM:what video game hero do some of his fans call chomper ?
ENTY:what is the longest word in the english language ?
LOC:in what city or state do the most gay men live in ?
HUM:what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
ENTY:what is `` the bear of beers '' ?
ENTY:name the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines .
DESC:what does the name `` justin '' mean ?
NUM:what percentage of the body is muscle ?
ENTY:what color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
ENTY:what is a golf ball made of ?
DESC:what is the amish religion ?
NUM:what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ?
HUM:what was the name of the 187s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining areas ?
HUM:who played the ringo kid in the 1939 film stagecoach ?
HUM:who died 1 feet from where john f. kennedy did ?
DESC:what is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
ENTY:what sign is the water carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
ENTY:what animals do you find in the stock market ?
DESC:what is color ?
NUM:when is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
ENTY:what did shostakovich write for rostropovich ?
HUM:what first name was nipsy russell given at birth ?
DESC:how can i get some free technical information on electric vehicle ?
HUM:who is the youngest of the beatles ?
DESC:how did shipyard inspector james j. kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
DESC:what is a jellicle cat ?
LOC:where can i find the best free evidence for debate about russia ?
LOC:what is bill gates of microsoft e-mail address ?
DESC:why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
LOC:what russian city boasts the hermitage museum ?
NUM:when is bastille day ?
DESC:what makes a tornado turn ?
NUM:how many shots can a stock m16 hold ?
HUM:who is coronado ?
ENTY:what was the name of the movie that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ?
DESC:what is artificial intelligence ?
ENTY:what do flatfish eat ?
HUM:who was the first holy roman emperor ?
ENTY:what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
NUM:what day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word , magic ?
ENTY:what sport do you shag flies in ?
DESC:what is white chocolate ?
LOC:where is trinidad ?
HUM:name the organization that is presided by a security council .
HUM:who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
HUM:who portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate ?
ENTY:how do you say i love you in spanish ?
DESC:what does the name gina mean ?
NUM:how fast is light ?
ENTY:what is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
DESC:what are shooting stars ?
HUM:whom did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
NUM:when was the first american encyclopedia published ?
LOC:what 's the tallest building in new york city ?
DESC:how is easter sunday 's date determined ?
DESC:what is the motto for the state of maryland ?
HUM:who is desmond tutu ?
LOC:where can i find information on the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island ?
ENTY:name a tiger that is extinct .
NUM:how many quarters equal a pound ?
ENTY:what kind of books does fodor 's publish ?
HUM:what are the first names of rowan and martin , the stars of tv 's laugh-in ?
NUM:what chapter of the bible has the most verses ?
HUM:who is the worst us president ever ?
HUM:what asian leader was known as the little brown saint ?
ABBR:what is the abbreviated expression for the national bureau of investigation ?
LOC:what is the highest mountain in the world ?
LOC:what arch can you see from the place de la concorde ?
HUM:who sings the song `` drink to me with thine eyes '' by ben johnson ?
NUM:how long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
LOC:which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
DESC:how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their email address ?
DESC:how can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
HUM:who is the monarch of the united kingdom ?
ENTY:what is a fear of passing high objects ?
HUM:what are the top ten most common girl names in the us ?
DESC:why is black the color of mourning in the west ?
ENTY:what is the rarest coin ?
ENTY:what judith rossner novel was made into a film starring diane keaton ?
LOC:which country is australia 's largest export market ?
LOC:where is the kentucky horse park located ?
ENTY:what is a fear of parasites ?
ENTY:in what olympic games did nadia comaneci become popular ?
HUM:who does data collection in tourism ?
HUM:what was the name of the daughter of the virginia chief powhatan that married john rolfe ?
DESC:what does a nihilist believe in ?
ENTY:in what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
HUM:who were the four famous founders of united artists ?
ENTY:what 2 statues did france give to other countries ?
DESC:what are amphibians ?
NUM:how many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
ENTY:name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
NUM:how far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
HUM:who was the only u.s. president to wear a nazi uniform ?
HUM:woodrow wilson served as president of what university ?
LOC:where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
HUM:what 's the nickname of oddsmaker jimmy snyder ?
NUM:what was the number of people that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ?
HUM:what was queen victoria 's title regarding india ?
DESC:how is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
NUM:how far can a man travel in outer space ?
LOC:where was lincoln assassinated ?
ENTY:what type of food makes you fat ?
ENTY:what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
NUM:what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ?
ENTY:what kind of animals are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ?
ENTY:what are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
ENTY:what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
DESC:what is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` hajo ? ''
ENTY:what is the plural of gulf ?
HUM:whose autobiography is titled yes i can ?
NUM:what year did the united states pass the copyright law ?
NUM:what percentage of americans own their homes ?
NUM:what 's the first day of the week ?
LOC:what city was president william mckinley shot in ?
LOC:what city has the world 's longest subway system ?
HUM:who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
DESC:what is bombay duck ?
NUM:how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
HUM:what double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in nothing ?
LOC:what are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
NUM:how many layers of yellow paint is a faber mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
DESC:what is a virtual ip address ?
HUM:what was the name of the cook on rawhide ?
LOC:what county is chicago in ?
NUM:what is the wingspan of a condor ?
DESC:what facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
HUM:who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
DESC:how can i transport files from one computer to another ?
ENTY:what 's the literary term for a play on words ?
ENTY:what color were their horses ?
NUM:what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ?
HUM:what author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
NUM:how many americans fought for the british in the american revolution ?
ENTY:what kind of education do i need to become a flight attendant ?
ENTY:what are the two languages of malta ?
NUM:how many oceans are there and name them ?
DESC:what happened during the blackhawk indian war of 1832 ?
NUM:how many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
DESC:what does the latin ante mortem mean ?
DESC:what does the name shawn mean ?
LOC:where is the danube ?
HUM:what lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in u.s. history for sheika dena al-farri ?
ENTY:what do you call a group of geese ?
HUM:who delivered his last newscast on march 6 , 1981 ?
NUM:how many times has `` louie , louie '' been recorded ?
DESC:how is answers.com different from knowpost.com ?
LOC:what is the longest place name in the u.s. ?
NUM:what percent liked thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
LOC:where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
DESC:why was the l.a. office of shea and gould closed ?
DESC:how do i start a bank ?
DESC:how do ouija boards work ?
ENTY:what horse did zorro ride ?
DESC:how do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
DESC:how do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
HUM:what former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` space man '' ?
ENTY:which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
HUM:what was michelangelo 's last name ?
HUM:who is barbara jordan ?
HUM:who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ?
ENTY:what was connecticut 's first constitution called ?
ENTY:what historical event happened in dogtown in 1899 ?
DESC:what is being done about the millennium bug ?
DESC:what was the claim to fame of king camp gillette ?
DESC:what is olestra ?
LOC:what asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
NUM:how many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
ENTY:what are two plants that clothes are made from ?
HUM:what president-to-be was the first member of congress to enlist following the attack on pearl harbor ?
NUM:when was `` the great depression '' ?
ENTY:what language is mostly spoken in brazil ?
HUM:what college produced the most winning super bowl quarterbacks ?
DESC:how do you solve `` rubik 's cube '' ?
HUM:what classical spanish writer warned : `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
HUM:what actor married john f. kennedy 's sister ?
HUM:who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ?
NUM:the italian artist , maurizio pellegrin , is how old ?
ENTY:what type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
DESC:what is colin powell best known for ?
HUM:who was the first black golfer to tee off in the masters ?
LOC:what city is the setting for puccini 's opera la boheme ?
HUM:what u.s. president showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
DESC:what is measured in curies ?
HUM:what former president 's daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
HUM:what fictional character is known as the `` melancholy dane '' ?
ENTY:italy is the largest producer of what ?
HUM:what longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
DESC:what is the meaning of w.b. yeat 's poem , `` the three hermits ? ''
HUM:who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
ENTY:what infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
DESC:what is spumante ?
NUM:in what year did ireland elect its first woman president ?
DESC:what is an isthmus ?
ENTY:what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
LOC:where is mozambique located ?
ENTY:what is mississippi 's state animal ?
DESC:what 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
ENTY:what did dan aykroyd and john belushi quit saturday night live to become ?
NUM:how many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
DESC:how do fuel injectors work ?
DESC:how can your school march in the macy 's thanksgiving parade ?
HUM:what is the real name of disc jockey `` wolfman jack '' ?
ENTY:what italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
LOC:what city houses the u.s. headquarters of procter and gamble ?
ENTY:what soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
ABBR:what does nafta stand for ?
HUM:who invented silly putty ?
HUM:what new middle school was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last year ?
ENTY:what are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
ENTY:what do manatees eat ?
ENTY:how do you say 2 in latin ?
ENTY:what were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
NUM:how many vietnamese were there in the soviet union ?
ENTY:what is november 's birthstone ?
DESC:what is a certified nurse midwife ?
NUM:on average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
HUM:who created private detective philip marlowe ?
ENTY:what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
DESC:what is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
ENTY:what is the longest english word ?
DESC:what is the purpose of a car bra ?
DESC:what is d.b. cooper known for ?
HUM:who is colin powell ?
ENTY:what species is a colt ?
ABBR:what is the full name of the plo ?
LOC:what is the smallest country in africa ?
HUM:who coined the term nn cyberspace `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ?
ENTY:what age followed the bronze age ?
HUM:what is her profession ?
HUM:what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
ABBR:what does the word laser mean ?
DESC:what does the name `` anthony '' mean ?
HUM:who was lauren bacall 's first husband ?
DESC:what is a rhomboideus minor ?
NUM:how many hands does bjorn borg use when hitting his forehand ?
NUM:how many people died on d-day ?
HUM:what u.s. congressman said : `` keep the faith , baby '' .
HUM:who created the character of scrooge ?
NUM:what is the student population at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
LOC:where is windsor castle ?
NUM:when did the dow first reach ?
DESC:why were people recruited for the vietnam war ?
HUM:what party was winston churchill a member of ?
LOC:where can i find the names of all the 15 pokemon ?
LOC:what state does martha stewart live in ?
ENTY:which killer whale died at sea world of a fungal infection ?
LOC:what are the benelux countries ?
LOC:where 's the petrified forest ?
ENTY:what is a language spoken by the sioux ?
HUM:who was the author of `` john brown 's body '' ?
HUM:what american poet wrote : `` good fences make good neighbors '' ?
LOC:what state in the u.s. has the most blacks ?
DESC:why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in california ?
HUM:what was the occupation of mandy rice-davies ?
HUM:who painted the sistine chapel ?
HUM:name the various costumed personas of dr. henry pym .
ENTY:what breed of dog was the `` little rascals '' dog ?
DESC:what are the living conditions in cuba ?
ENTY:what color are school buses ?
LOC:what is the oldest website on the internet ?
ENTY:what events happened january 26 , 1978 ?
HUM:what explorers followed columbus to the americas ?
HUM:who is actress goldie hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
HUM:who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on games ?
DESC:what are the seven virtues ?
ENTY:what other name were the `` little rascals '' known as ?
NUM:when was the san francisco fire ?
NUM:how many casinos are in atlantic city , nj ?
NUM:what year did the vietnam war end ?
HUM:what are the names of richard nixon 's two daughters ?
ENTY:what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
NUM:what is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
HUM:what organization was founded by the rev. jerry falwell ?
ENTY:which soft drink does madonna advertise for ?
HUM:what company is being bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
NUM:when was berlin 's brandenburg gate erected ?
NUM:how many double-word-score spaces are there on a scrabble crossword game board ?
NUM:what year did germany sign its nonaggression pact with the soviet union ?
LOC:what mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
DESC:why were the american soldiers in wwi called `` doughboys ''
HUM:who was nicknamed the little corporal ?
ENTY:name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc comics .
LOC:where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
DESC:how can i find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
LOC:what 's the sacred river of india ?
LOC:what is stefan edberg 's native country ?
ENTY:what is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
NUM:how many gutenberg bibles are there ?
LOC:name the largest country in south america .
ENTY:what astronomical phenomenon takes place in jan. 1999 ?
DESC:what information can you get me on fairground park in st. louis
HUM:what was american folk hero john chapman 's nickname ?
DESC:what is the difference between a median and a mean ?
DESC:what makes thunder ?
HUM:what author did photographer yousuf karsh call `` the shiest man i ever met '' ?
LOC:what country are godiva chocolates from ?
HUM:name the poet of the poem which begins : i do not know much about gods ; but i think that the river is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
ENTY:which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
LOC:what u.s. state records the least rainfall ?
DESC:why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
DESC:what was archy , and mehitabel ?
LOC:what texas city got its name from the spanish for `` yellow '' ?
ENTY:what are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
ENTY:what color are tennis balls ?
HUM:what barroom judge called himself the law west of the pecos ?
DESC:what excuse did the nato people give for hitting the chinese embassy ?
HUM:who was president of costa rica in 1994 ?
ENTY:what sports event is meyer wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in the great gatsby ?
LOC:what country has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy ?
LOC:what two countries share the khyber pass ?
HUM:who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
DESC:what is the origin of the surname of braun ?
ENTY:what card game has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ?
DESC:what is australia day ?
ENTY:what mammal of north america is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
DESC:what was the chivington massacre ?
HUM:what actor starred in 1980 's blue lagoon , 1982 's the pirate movie and 1983 's a night in heaven ?
NUM:how many home runs did lou gehrig have during his career ?
LOC:in what city is the headquarters of sinn fein ?
LOC:where can i find information on george bush ?
HUM:who is the voice of miss piggy ?
ENTY:what is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
DESC:what does the word camaro mean , from the gm car the camaro ?
HUM:who replaced bert parks as the host of the miss america pageant ?
NUM:how many boys play the game in winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap the whip ?
DESC:what is the aim-54c phoenix ?
NUM:when are sheep shorn ?
ENTY:what sport is chris jogis a top player of ?
LOC:what 's the second-largest island in the world ?
DESC:what is the definition of low island ?
NUM:what century does captain video live in ?
ENTY:what types of water pollution are there ?
NUM:how many astronauts manned each project mercury flight ?
ENTY:what soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
ENTY:what 's the name of a golf course in myrtle beach ?
ENTY:what are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
ENTY:name the only extant trilogy of classical greek plays .
LOC:where is logan airport ?
DESC:what is the difference between neoclassical art and romanticism art ?
HUM:who was the first person inducted into the u.s. swimming hall of fame ?
HUM:what golfer has been called ohio fats and blobbo ?
HUM:who murdered leno and rosemary labianca on august 1
NUM:what is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
ENTY:what does god create in the first sentence of the bible ?
HUM:which of the following men was not married to rita hayworth ?
NUM:what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ?
ABBR:what does nn o `` mean when used as a prefix in irish surnames ?
DESC:how do you find oxidation numbers ?
LOC:what is the state nickname of mississippi ?
DESC:what is black hills , south dakota most famous for ?
ENTY:what 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
NUM:how many students attend the university of massachusetts ?
HUM:who said , `` i shall return . '' during world war two ?
ENTY:what holidays are celebrated in ireland ?
HUM:who portrayed etta place , companion to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ?
LOC:what 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of laos ?
ENTY:what is a fear of sleep ?
ENTY:what auto race was wilbur reed the first to win three times ?
ENTY:what are the most common breeding birds in the u.s. ?
ENTY:what was organized as a confederate veterans ' social club in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ?
DESC:how do you look up criminal records on the internet ?
LOC:where is the actress , marion davies , buried ?
DESC:what is an example of an actual case of using the fourteenth amendment ?
HUM:who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' on the television show `` saturday night live '' ?
HUM:what singer became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
NUM:when did iraqi troops invade kuwait ?
ENTY:what was mark johnson referring to when he said : `` i still can 't believe it- we beat the russians ? ''
ENTY:what car was driven in the 199 release of `` smokey and the bandit '' ?
HUM:what was the backup singing group for roy rogers ?
HUM:what famous singing cowboy owns the california angels baseball team ?
ENTY:what 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
DESC:where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
DESC:what causes someone to be ticklish ?
NUM:what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
NUM:how many canadians emmigrate each year ?
DESC:why did several san diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
ENTY:what musical instrument did sherlock holmes play ?
HUM:who was gerald ford 's vice president ?
DESC:what is `` the washed vodka '' ?
NUM:how many different languages are spoken in europe ?
NUM:what year was desmond mpilo tutu awarded the nobel peace prize ?
ENTY:what 's a `` drinker respirator '' better known as ?
HUM:who invented batteries ?
DESC:why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
LOC:where can i buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
HUM:what title did suzette charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
HUM:what was the infamous pseudonym of peter sutcliffe ?
ENTY:what is smokey the bear 's middle name ?
HUM:what is nicholas cage 's occupation ?
ENTY:what british tv series featured emma peel ?
LOC:what london street is the home of british journalism ?
ENTY:what tragedy befell the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
DESC:what is the immaculate conception ?
ENTY:what are the names of all the u.s. navy aircraft carriers ?
DESC:what is candlemas day ?
LOC:in what city is the famed st. mark 's square ?
NUM:how much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
LOC:where is tufts university ?
DESC:what is a pyrotechnic display ?
HUM:what japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
NUM:how many engines does a boeing 737 have ?
DESC:what is the origin of the term `` the brooklyn side '' in bowling ?
NUM:how long was mao 's 1930s long march ?
ENTY:what net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
ENTY:what four-legged creature did a cornell university study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
NUM:what does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
ENTY:what did british companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
LOC:what province is edmonton located in ?
ENTY:what is california 's state bird ?
NUM:what is martin luther king jr. 's real birthday ?
HUM:name the various super-teams to which the angel has belonged .
DESC:how does zatanna perform her magic in dc comics ?
ENTY:what 's the name of jacques cousteau 's research ship ?
HUM:what president dispatched a cruiser to carry charles lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
ENTY:in which kevin costner movie did sioux indians play a role ?
NUM:how many james bond novels are there ?
DESC:how do you get dates with the `` hooters '' girls ?
ENTY:what bird can swim but can 't fly ?
DESC:how can i get a comic character i made copyrighted and published ?
NUM:how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska 's north coast ?
DESC:what is plc ?
NUM:how much electricity does the brain need to work ?
NUM:how many acres in a mile ?
ENTY:what dickens novel has david carrying the message `` barkis is willin '' to peggy ?
DESC:what is a hyperlink ?
HUM:who 's the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis ?
DESC:where did marijuana come from ?
NUM:what is the per-capita income of colombia , south america , ?
ENTY:what novel has big brother watching ?
DESC:what does elysium mean ?
LOC:what is the oldest website on the internet ?
DESC:what is shalom ?
ENTY:what organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
NUM:what is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the manhatten project ?
LOC:what country received all the nobel prizes awarded in 1976 ?
DESC:how do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
NUM:how many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
ENTY:what soft drink first appeared in the old corner drug store in waco , texas , in 1885 ?
LOC:what is britain 's possession on the chinese mainland ?
HUM:who was america 's first public enemy no. 1 ?
DESC:what is the origin of thank you notes ?
ENTY:what did jimmy stewart invent ?
ENTY:what generation am i in ?
ENTY:what is a fear of hell ?
HUM:who is dear abby ?
HUM:who lives at 24 sussex drive , ottawa ?
ENTY:what is jell-o made from ?
HUM:who was monet ?
LOC:what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate battle flag in their flags ?
DESC:how do you make panoramic sugar eggs for easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
ENTY:what 's the southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
LOC:where is guam ?
HUM:who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
DESC:what is the executor in a will ?
NUM:how many people in america snore ?
ENTY:what soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
HUM:who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ?
ENTY:which drug is commonly used to treat aids ?
NUM:how many stars are there on the soviet union 's flag ?
DESC:what is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
LOC:what are tourist attractions in reims ?
NUM:what are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
HUM:who said : `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
DESC:what prompted the co-pilot of the enola gay to enter only `` my god '' in his log ?
NUM:how long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
LOC:what colorado city owns its own glacier ?
ENTY:what was the name of the protestant revolt against the supremacy of the pope ?
DESC:what is an arab strap ?
NUM:how much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the us ? , dt cd nn nn ,
HUM:who is the current un secretary general ?
HUM:who provides telephone service in orange county , california ?
LOC:where did guinea pigs originate ?
LOC:what two countries ' coastlines border the bay of biscay ?
HUM:what organization did mr. waverly assign agents for ?
NUM:when was the slinky invented ?
HUM:what are the characters ' names in the scooby-doo cartoon ?
ENTY:what is a fear of cold ?
HUM:what was eduard shevardnadze 's job in the soviet union ?
DESC:what causes rust ?
HUM:which is the only dick tracy villain to appear three times ?
ENTY:what was the monster in spielberg 's film `` jaws '' ?
ENTY:what color is an arctic fox in winter ?
DESC:what do the names neil , mary , and anthony mean ?
LOC:what european capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
DESC:why do people in the upper peninsula of michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
ENTY:what flower did vincent van gogh paint ?
LOC:what country was the setting of you only live twice ?
NUM:what was thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
ENTY:winnie the pooh is what kind of animal ?
DESC:what is a handheld pc ?
DESC:what did john hinckley do to impress jodie foster ?
HUM:what is larry king 's job ?
NUM:how many calories are in a tomato ?
ENTY:what war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
ENTY:what is the treatment for depression ?
ENTY:what is a fear of slime ?
LOC:on which hawaiian island is pearl harbor ?
HUM:what feathered cartoon characters do yugoslavians know as vlaja , gaja , and raja ?
ENTY:what marx brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
DESC:what was unusual about alexandra 's appearance in josie and the pussycats ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
NUM:when was dick clark born ?
ENTY:what game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
NUM:what is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
DESC:what happened to moon maiden ?
LOC:what city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
DESC:what are the urals ?
DESC:how can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
LOC:what desert has the highest sand dunes ?
LOC:what two countries contain sierra nevada mountains ?
DESC:how do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
NUM:how long was the tv mission of star trek 's enterprise to be ?
NUM:what phone number can i call to have a tree planted ?
NUM:when did the `` star-spangled banner '' become the national anthem ?
HUM:who was lacan ?
ENTY:what are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
LOC:what continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a budweiser label ?
HUM:who was the secretary of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg ?
LOC:where can i get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
ENTY:name a gaelic language .
NUM:what day is august 13 , 1971 ?
LOC:where can i find a list of all the companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
DESC:how do you send a movie transcript to hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
ENTY:what literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
DESC:what is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
ENTY:what is the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
NUM:how big is a quart ?
DESC:what is the hub of london ?
ENTY:jude law acted in which film ?
DESC:what causes panic attacks ?
DESC:what was the filling in the first golf balls ?
ENTY:what drug did sigmund freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
LOC:what country was a terrible beauty to leon uris ?
DESC:what is typhoid fever ?
LOC:where can i buy a hat like the kind jay kay from jamiroquai wears ?
DESC:what are the twin cities ?
ENTY:what is beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
HUM:name the lawyer for randy craft .
ENTY:which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
ABBR:what does ms. , miss , and mrs. stand for ?
LOC:what is the homelite inc. home page ?
ENTY:what explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
NUM:how long does it take light to reach the earth from the sun ?
HUM:who lives at 39 stone canyon way ?
NUM:how many questions are on this thing ?
HUM:who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 film alice in wonderland ?
HUM:who is karenna gore , al gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
HUM:who played the title role in i was a teenage werewolf ?
DESC:why are there olives in martinis ?
NUM:in what year did hitler gain power of germany ?
NUM:what year did rossetti paint `` beata beatrix '' ?
HUM:what record company produced the 1978 movie the wiz ?
LOC:where can i find information about touring the philippines ?
ENTY:what did the gas house gang play ?
NUM:how many square feet is bill gates ' home ?
HUM:what is the name of actor rex harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960's ?
DESC:what is the highest roman numeral ?
ENTY:what 's the most popular form of bridge ?
HUM:who was the inventor of the stove ?
HUM:what comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
LOC:where can i find information on the cyclone that hit new jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
NUM:boxing day is celebrated on what date ?
ENTY:what are the first ten amendements passed ?
ENTY:what is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
DESC:what 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
DESC:how is the new ford econoline van f25 v1 engine ?
HUM:who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
HUM:who was made the first honorary citizen of the u.s. ?
ENTY:what game is garry kasparov really good at ?
LOC:where was richard nixon when gerald ford became president ?
NUM:where does the u.s. rank among world countries in area ?
ENTY:what novel did ian fleming introduce james bond in ?
NUM:what was the target rate for m3 growth in 1992 ?
HUM:what baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
HUM:name of scholar on whose literal translations from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ?
NUM:when did israel begin turning the gaza strip and jericho over to the plo ?
DESC:what are the major differences in the catholic and methodist religions ?
NUM:how much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
HUM:what is the best internet business to go into ?
DESC:what does venus retrograde mean ?
HUM:who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
LOC:what are the largest breweries in the world ?
DESC:what does las vegas mean ?
DESC:what does the word `` meta '' mean ?
ENTY:what keeps clouds in the air ?
ENTY:what 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
ENTY:ray charles plays which instrument ?
LOC:what country and western singer is known as the silver fox ?
DESC:what is graduate school ?
DESC:what is the difference between new york-style and chicago-style pizza ?
HUM:what baseball team owner and sailor is known as the mouth of the south ?
ENTY:what type of betting is used in horse racing ?
ENTY:what kind of hat does bat masterson wear ?
HUM:who was with patricia hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
HUM:what is the viking prince 's first name ?
ENTY:in what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
LOC:where is rider college located ?
DESC:for what reason did some san diego schools stop serving apples ?
HUM:who advised listeners to `` see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet '' ?
LOC:where was the first restaurant ?
LOC:where can i find full written draft of ctbt ?
NUM:how many horses died during the civil war ?
NUM:how much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
HUM:what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the conference on east timor ?
HUM:what woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
NUM:how many minutes were there on the original ge college bowl clock ?
NUM:what is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
LOC:what is website of the international court of justice ?
LOC:where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
LOC:where can i look at a perpetual calendar ?
NUM:how many astronauts have been on the moon ?
NUM:in what year did the bounty mutiny happen ?
ENTY:what is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
DESC:how do you reference a website ?
DESC:what is pandoro ?
ABBR:what do the letters zip stand for in the phrase `` zip code '' ?
HUM:which bourbon king was restored to the french throne during napoleon 's abdication ?
LOC:what is one of the cities that the university of minnesota is located in ?
DESC:what are the words to `` my way '' written by paul anka ?
DESC:how do i install a tile floor ?
ENTY:what is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
ENTY:what 's the no. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
ENTY:name four famous cartoon cats .
HUM:what daughter of henry viii and anne boleyn became queen of england ?
DESC:how did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
HUM:what 's the most common nickname of u.s. college football teams ?
DESC:what 's the distinction of u.s. supreme court justice thurgood marshall ?
LOC:what is the most useful site on the internet ?
LOC:what is the world 's highest peak ?
DESC:what was a mae west on a world war ii battleship ?
DESC:define cosmology .
HUM:what comedienne upstaged dwight d. eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
DESC:what are amicable numbers ?
LOC:where is hearst castle , built by publisher william randolph hearst ?
LOC:what 's the largest u.s. city on the great lakes ?
HUM:who sang about desmond and molly jones ?
ENTY:what magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
ENTY:what does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
HUM:what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove ?
ENTY:what meter did shakespeare use in writing : `` to be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
NUM:how many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
NUM:what is the goat population of the world ?
HUM:what company was the original sponsor of tv 's superman ?
ENTY:what term does a czech use to describe a pole ?
LOC:what sea separates naples and algiers ?
NUM:how many lawyers are there in the state of new jersey ?
ENTY:what are the most common elements in seawater ?
DESC:describe the finnish music personality salonen 's appearance .
DESC:what is a stratocaster ?
ENTY:what kind of science is cosmology ?
HUM:name the blind sculptress in love with the fantastic four 's thing .
ENTY:what 's the second-lightest element ?
ENTY:what do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
ENTY:what is the brand name of daminozide ?
ENTY:what is the former name of zimbabwe ?
HUM:what national basketball association superstar told his story in giant steps ?
ENTY:what animals did the amazing three masquerade as ?
DESC:how did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
NUM:when did fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
NUM:how many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
HUM:who made the first gas engine ?
LOC:what country claimed rubens , van dyck and bruegel as citizens ?
ENTY:what civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
NUM:how many questions do you have on your database ?
LOC:where can i find examples of legal cases about the individuals with disabilities education act ?
NUM:when was the triangle shirtwaist fire ?
LOC:where is ocho rios ?
DESC:what is the half-life of p-32 ?
LOC:what ocean does mauritania border ?
DESC:why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
DESC:why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
DESC:what do christian scientists believe in ?
ENTY:what world war i battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
LOC:what country is kosovo a part of ?
ENTY:what computer operating system is on the most computers ?
LOC:what is bill gross 's email address ?
DESC:what is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
ABBR:what do the letters d.c. stand for in washington , d.c. ?
ENTY:what animals can live the longest without food ?
HUM:what english queen had seventeen children ?
NUM:what is the approximate population of las vegas , n.m ?
NUM:how much does the president get paid ?
HUM:what two baseball players make up the battery ?
ENTY:what 's the largest letter in salvador dali 's signature ?
ENTY:what does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
NUM:of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` the simpsons '' ?
LOC:what 's the northernmost u.s. state apart from alaska ?
LOC:name an art gallery in new york .
HUM:who sells viagra ?
ENTY:what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
DESC:what is the home rule act ?
DESC:what are bellworts ?
HUM:who was darius ?
ENTY:what movie told of anna anderson 's claim to be a russian czar 's daughter ?
ENTY:what kind of creature is a coot ?
HUM:name the university of which woodrow wilson was president .
LOC:what country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the turks in libya ?
HUM:what university was woodrow wilson president of ?
ENTY:what is a fear of disease ?
ENTY:what did mr. magoo flog on tv for general electric ?
DESC:what are the words to the canadian national anthem ?
HUM:who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
HUM:name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
HUM:which one of the original seven mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury flights ?
HUM:who is the best known villain of the 165 gunpowder plot ?
LOC:what is the capital of burkina faso ?
LOC:what continent is bolivia on ?
HUM:who killed more people , hitler or stalin ?
DESC:what caused shea & gould to close their l.a. office ?
ENTY:what 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
LOC:what u.s. state has the most blondes ?
ENTY:what war saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
NUM:what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ?
DESC:what is a phalanx ?
HUM:what mustachioed comedian portrayed frankie in north to alaska ?
NUM:what does each of the utilities cost in monopoly ?
ABBR:what does e.g. stand for ?
ENTY:what is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
DESC:how do storms form ?
HUM:who is nicolo paganini ?
LOC:what city is often called the insurance capital of the world ?
ENTY:what are the three animals in sheila burnford 's the incredible journey ?
HUM:who portrayed dracula in hammer studios ' films ?
ENTY:name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
NUM:when were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
HUM:what president 's favorite biblical quotation was : `` come now , and let us reason together '' .
NUM:how many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the empire state building ?
HUM:name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads .
LOC:what country was sir edmund hillary born in ?
ENTY:what 's an infant seal called ?
LOC:what city was john f. kennedy nominated for president in ?
NUM:how long does a dog sleep ?
ENTY:what 1963 joseph l. mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
HUM:what japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of tokyo ?
NUM:what can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
LOC:where did the battle of the bulge take place ?
NUM:how much will the california be in the year 2000 ?
HUM:what mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was greece , and the grandeur that was rome '' ?
LOC:what state full of milk and honey was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
ENTY:name li 'l abner 's favorite indian drink .
ENTY:what are some important events of the 1830 's ?
NUM:the iraqis launched their attack on kuwait on what day ?
ENTY:what letter adorns the flag of rwanda ?
ENTY:what did 8 , cd nns vbp to vb nnp pos nn .
DESC:what is god ?
LOC:what country 's northernmost city is darwin ?
LOC:what sound does olympia , washington , overlook ?
ENTY:what tv show chronicled the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
LOC:what kentucky city calls itself the horse center of america ?
NUM:how many penny-farthings are there on a trivial pursuit game board ?
ENTY:what 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
LOC:what european country boasts the city of furth , found where the rivers rednitz and pegnitz converge ?
LOC:what u.s. state is dixville notch in ?
LOC:where was the cisalpine republic , 1797-185 , ?
LOC:what is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
HUM:what is the protagonist 's name in dostoevski 's `` the idiot '' ?
ENTY:what penalty space lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board ?
HUM:what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
DESC:what is a meerkat ?
HUM:who was jean nicolet ?
ENTY:what kind of animal was winnie the pooh ?
HUM:which of these are authors ?
ENTY:what 's the international radio code word for the letter b ?
HUM:who was the original humpty dumpty ?
DESC:what is cache memory ?
LOC:where is the location of the orange bowl ?
NUM:when is president nixon 's birthday ?
DESC:what is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
HUM:whose cupboard was bare ?
LOC:what are the seven seas ?
ABBR:what does ibm stand for ?
DESC:what is the difference between jazz and blues ?
DESC:what is the c programming language ?
HUM:what 's the name of popeye 's adopted son ?
HUM:who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
HUM:who does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
LOC:which country is known as `` big bear '' ?
ENTY:what `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
NUM:how many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
DESC:what is the origin of the atom ?
HUM:who is the voyager project manager ?
HUM:which radio stations air the jim bohannon radio talk show ?
HUM:what two commanders directed the forces in the battle of el alamein ?
HUM:name the creator of `` the muppets '' .
DESC:how do i e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
HUM:who replies `` i know '' to princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' in the empire strikes back ?
DESC:what is the meaning of the name ella ?
LOC:what 's the home of the rockettes ?
LOC:where can i find all the information i need to know about the english civil war , 1642-1649 , ?
HUM:what is the name of the firm that makes spumante ?
ENTY:what sport is played on the largest field ?
HUM:who won the 1967 academy award for best actor ?
ENTY:what is after death ?
HUM:name the first private citizen to fly in space .
HUM:what was football star elroy hirsch 's nickname ?
HUM:what singer sings `` oh boy '' ?
NUM:how much pizza do americans eat in a day ?
LOC:what is the website for the usa journal ?
HUM:what army 's motto is blood and fire ?
ENTY:what kind of patent did ermal fraze get in 1963 ?
DESC:what are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
DESC:why are haunted houses popular ?
ENTY:which gender has bigger thighs ?
LOC:what u.s. state has the second-longest coastline ?
NUM:how fast do cheetahs run ?
ENTY:what is ray bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
NUM:how fast is a 45mhz processor ?
ENTY:what kind of puzzle first appeared in the u.s. in the new york world on december 21 , 1913 ?
HUM:what count did alexandre dumas write about ?
NUM:what are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
LOC:what is the largest natural lake in pennsylvania ?
NUM:how far is london uk from california ?
ENTY:name the two mystical ravens odin has at his command .
ENTY:what was the species of winnie the pooh ?
DESC:what is the virus hiv ?
NUM:how many years old is benny carter ?
LOC:where does the santa fe trail begin and end ?
ENTY:what book is the follow-up to future shock ?
ENTY:what african animals are known as the big five ?
ENTY:what is the alphabet for latin ?
ENTY:what is the fear of frogs ?
NUM:how old is stevie wonder ?
HUM:who was the first taiwanese president ?
HUM:who is luke skywalker 's father ?
ENTY:what does a dipsomaniac crave ?
DESC:what is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
ENTY:what is nero wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
HUM:what is the first personal computer company ?
ENTY:what is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
HUM:who was jane goodall ?
DESC:why are there braille things on the atm machines that people drive through ?
LOC:where is the isle of man ?
ENTY:what book did aaron hass write ?
NUM:what was the death toll at the eruption of mount pinatubo ?
NUM:when will the millennium officially begin ?
HUM:who created the comic strip , `` garfield '' ?
HUM:which vietnamese terrorist is now a un delegate in doonesbury ?
DESC:what is real time processing ?
LOC:what do we call the imaginary line along the top of the rocky mountains ?
LOC:what country 's capital is lagos ?
LOC:where does ray bradbury 's chronicles take place ?
HUM:who is the current prime minister and president of russia ?
HUM:who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ?
ENTY:what was the distinguishing mark on the `` little rascals '' dog ?
NUM:what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
LOC:where can i get information about cystic fibrosis ?
LOC:where did honecker rule ?
DESC:what is the theory of equivalence states ?
ENTY:what does a philatelist collect ?
NUM:what is the life span of the average monkey ?
NUM:how many member states are in the un ?
DESC:what will happen when sodium is put in water ?
DESC:what 's the meaning of uol ?
HUM:what future president became senate majority whip under harry truman ?
HUM:who was the architect of central park ?
ENTY:which operating system runs on ibm-compatible machines ?
NUM:what are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
ENTY:what are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
LOC:what african country is governed from ouagadougou ?
HUM:what hard-of hearing artist painted sunflowers ?
HUM:who wrote sons and lovers ?
ENTY:what is the english translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
ENTY:what handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
LOC:what french seaport claims to be the home of wines ?
NUM:how long does it take sunlight to reach earth ?
HUM:what cherokee indian gave his name to a tree ?
NUM:when were camcorders introduced in malaysia ?
NUM:what is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
HUM:who was the star of leave it to beaver ?
LOC:what countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
HUM:what was william f. cody 's better-known name ?
DESC:how do i increase my biceps ' size ?
HUM:who did richard nixon tender his resignation to ?
HUM:who was thucydides ?
DESC:how is the element strontium purified ?
HUM:which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on hollywood boulevard ?
DESC:what are tonsils for ?
ENTY:what molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
ENTY:what was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
ENTY:what was the sequel to the moon 's balloon ?
NUM:what is the exchange rate for australian to american money ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
DESC:how can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
NUM:how many states did richard nixon carry in 1972 ?
ENTY:what basketball maneuver did bert loomis invent ?
ENTY:what is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
NUM:how many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
ENTY:what does a tarantula eat ?
ENTY:what are the three secondary colors ?
DESC:what does the name `` sabrina '' mean ?
HUM:who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler 's long reign ?
ENTY:what were the trials called which followed world war ii ?
DESC:what is hebephrenia ?
HUM:what nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
ENTY:what famous events have happened on march 27 ?
NUM:what brand number graces the black label of a bottle of jack daniel 's ?
ENTY:what do i call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
DESC:what were the causes of the civil war ?
DESC:what are maid-rites ?
LOC:what city is terrorized by dracula in the night stalker ?
DESC:how can you prevent it ?
DESC:what do the names andrew and christina mean ?
ENTY:what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
ENTY:what do camels store in their humps ?
LOC:what is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
DESC:what are perfect tenses ?
DESC:what is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
ENTY:what was another name for east germany ?
ENTY:what 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in america ?
HUM:who betrayed norway to the nazis ?
HUM:who took the toys donated for the doodyville orphans ' fund and kept them for himself ?
DESC:what is a bourdon tube ?
ENTY:what kind of a sports team is the wisconsin badgers ?
HUM:who were the picts ?
DESC:what do caroll baker , tammy grimes , debbie reynolds , and judy garland all have in common ?
DESC:what is film noir ?
HUM:who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strips ?
NUM:in what year did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic relations ?
DESC:what causes tuberculosis ?
NUM:how tall is the giraffe ?
HUM:what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many years ?
ENTY:what animal was the heat-seeking missile called the sidewinder named for ?
NUM:how long did it take stanley to find livingstone ?
NUM:how much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
LOC:what lake is sheboygan on ?
DESC:what are a baseball team 's firemen ?
ENTY:what is a fear of color ?
ENTY:what nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
ENTY:what are the two largest birds on earth ?
ENTY:name the four stories contained in edith wharton 's `` old new york . ''
LOC:what is the largest lake in north america ?
NUM:how many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
ENTY:what is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
HUM:who wrote the look of love after viewing ursula andress ?
HUM:what is the name of the american swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 olympics ?
HUM:who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
DESC:what is head start ?
HUM:what honeymooners actress did television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
DESC:why can 't women serve in the navy on board submarines ?
ENTY:what did the yalta conference lead to ?
ENTY:what dog was dubbed the mortgage lifter ?
DESC:what is saltpeter ?
DESC:what 's the difference between j.d. and ll.m. ?
HUM:what kind of organization is ` last chance for animals ' ?
HUM:what was the role of the medieval guild ?
HUM:silly putty was invented by whom ?
ENTY:what should the oven be set at for baking peachy oat muffins ?
DESC:how can someone become a federal agent ?
HUM:who invented the paper clip ?
HUM:whom did lauren bacall marry after her husband humphrey bogart died ?
NUM:how many times in his 16-year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
LOC:what city or state do the most gay men live in ?
NUM:shea and gould had an office in los angeles for how long before closing it ?
ENTY:what word occurs 46 , 227 times in the bible ?
DESC:how can you be happy ?
DESC:how would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
NUM:what year did degas create the bronze sculpture , `` fourth position front ? ''
HUM:what composer was awarded the medal of honor by franklin d. roosevelt ?
NUM:how long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
ABBR:what does u.s.s.r. stand for ?
ENTY:what is a fear of gravity ?
HUM:who is the composer of `` canon in d major '' ?
DESC:what did n't rocky marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
LOC:where are all european and american eels born ?
HUM:who was the author of the novel `` far from the madding crowd '' ?
DESC:what is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
ENTY:what was `` america 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
ENTY:what kind of dog is scooby doo ?
DESC:what is the function of the appendix ?
HUM:what department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
ENTY:which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
LOC:what was the first town to be chartered in vermont ?
LOC:what state has the longest great lakes shoreline ?
LOC:what u.s. state ends with a g ?
NUM:how many varieties of twins are there ?
DESC:what is a cartesian diver ?
LOC:what are the largest libraries in the us ?
NUM:how many people live in the falklands ?
ENTY:what document did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
HUM:who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
DESC:what happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
ENTY:what wheel did blaise pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
NUM:how much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
NUM:in what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
LOC:what country boasts the most dams ?
NUM:what is the regular price ?
LOC:what metropolis landmark was first introduced in the superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
LOC:where can one find mozambique ?
ENTY:what mary tyler moore show regular came into the world as tadeus wladyslaw konopka ?
LOC:in what city is the us declaration of independence located ?
DESC:what is the largest variety of cactus ?
HUM:who won the first world series ?
ENTY:what did aaron hass write ?
HUM:who is samuel pickering ?
HUM:what was the business of the animated sky hawks ?
HUM:who was credited with saying : `` i never met a man i did n't like '' ?
ENTY:what overalls are named for dungri , a suburb of bombay ?
DESC:why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
LOC:what nationality was jackson pollock ?
NUM:how many people were executed for abraham lincoln 's assassination ?
DESC:what must a las vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
LOC:what is worth seeing in reims ?
ENTY:what type of performer is ileana cotrubas ?
NUM:when was yemen reunified ?
ENTY:what line of candy products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
DESC:why did the anglican church split from the vatican ?
HUM:what organization has a security council ?
DESC:how would i find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
ABBR:what does necrosis mean ?
DESC:what is magnetar ?
ENTY:what feud ended with a marriage in kentucky on march 21 , 1891 ?
ENTY:what color is the stripe along each side of a coho salmon ?
NUM:what is the federal minimum wage ?
NUM:what are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
LOC:where is santa lucia ?
HUM:what female painter produced primitives of rural new england life ?
ENTY:what war saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
DESC:what should you yell to hail a taxi in madrid ?
NUM:what is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
NUM:what year did apartheid start ?
HUM:who created big ben ?
LOC:what city is found in the city of oz ?
DESC:what ever happened to the once popular yale lock company ?
HUM:name the marvel team loosely based on dc 's justice league of america ?
ENTY:what did a 16th-century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
LOC:what populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
HUM:what college football team did knute rockne build into a power ?
LOC:in what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
NUM:when did aldous huxley write , `` brave new world '' ?
LOC:what country did the ancient romans refer to as hibernia ?
HUM:in what high-risk business venture did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
ENTY:what do chefs call the master spice ?
ABBR:what is the abbreviation of general motors ?
DESC:what is a devo hat ?
NUM:how long was the longest hiccup attack ?
ENTY:what kind of weapons were used in medieval warfare ?
NUM:how many people live in tokyo ?
HUM:what fruit-topped actress was known as the brazilian bombshell ?
ENTY:what are birds descendents of ?
HUM:when the tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the u.s. , what moving company transported it ?
ENTY:which kevin costner movie involves the sioux indians ?
HUM:who played the title role in my favorite martian ?
DESC:how does a scientific calculator work ?
ENTY:what is a fear of fur ?
HUM:who invented the game scrabble ?
ENTY:what part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the old west ?
NUM:when did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
DESC:what is toulmin logic ?
ENTY:a corgi is a kind of what ?
LOC:what city in the u.s. experienced the most growth recently ?
DESC:what is a dangling participle ?
LOC:what tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
NUM:what was the average life expectancy during the stone age ?
DESC:what is the origin of the peace symbol ?
HUM:what group starred in the movie rock around the clock ?
NUM:how many u.s. presidents were assassinated during queen victoria 's reign ?
NUM:when was the first flush toilet invented ?
HUM:what is nathan hamill 's role in the new star wars prequel ?
NUM:how many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of crokinole ?
NUM:how old is the sun ?
NUM:what percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
DESC:how can i find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
DESC:how do i write to my congressman ?
NUM:how many years ago did led zeppelin release its last album ?
ENTY:what is the term for a group of geese ?
NUM:how many people was randy craft convicted of killing ?
ENTY:what was the name of the famous battle between texas and mexico ?
LOC:what country are you in if you woo in the wu dialect ?
ENTY:what do you call a poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
HUM:what new york yankee was known as the iron horse ?
HUM:who is considered the first lady of the american stage ?
HUM:who penned : `` neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
DESC:what is moxie ?
ENTY:what was the first sam spade novel ?
ENTY:what song did patti page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
HUM:who headed hitler 's infamous gestapo ?
LOC:what south american city features the exclusive copacabana beach and ipanema ?
LOC:what german city do italians call the monaco of bavaria ?
LOC:what island group contains jersey , guernsey , sark and herm ?
ENTY:what is a fear of strong light ?
HUM:what is a person called that likes fire ?
LOC:where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
HUM:who made the musical plea be true to your school ?
HUM:what french designer declared : `` the jean is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity. the jean must be stopped ! '' ?
NUM:what season is the setting for shakespeare 's midsummer night 's dream ?
HUM:name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
HUM:what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
LOC:what country is the setting for edgar allan poe 's the pit and the pendulum ?
HUM:what apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while armstrong and aldrin made history ?
NUM:what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ?
LOC:what is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
HUM:what good little witch is casper 's girlfriend ?
ENTY:in which tennessee williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
HUM:what was the nickname of frederick i , holy roman emperor and king of germany ?
ENTY:what war did the potsdam conference follow ?
ENTY:what 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
NUM:what month , date , and year did charles i die ?
NUM:how many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
DESC:what is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
LOC:what 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
DESC:what effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
LOC:what three european countries begin with the letter a ?
DESC:what happened in the long march ?
ENTY:what was the name of hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in 1923 ?
DESC:how can i find online spelling ?
NUM:how many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
HUM:who made stonehenge ?
NUM:what is the average hourly rate of american workers ?
ENTY:what sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
HUM:who 's the founder and editor of the national review ?
NUM:in what year did they build the berlin wall ?
HUM:who was the first governor of west virginia ?
LOC:what 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
NUM:when will jean aeul publish her next book ?
HUM:what famous soldier was born in europe , died in asia , and was laid to rest in africa ?
ENTY:when it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
HUM:what culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
HUM:what baseball team became the minnesota twins ?
ENTY:what kind of guitar did jimi hendrix play ?
LOC:what were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
LOC:what constellation contains the twins castor and pollux ?
NUM:how many meters are in a mile ?
DESC:what is a gas release event ?
LOC:what famed london criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
NUM:how many milligrams are in a gram ?
ENTY:what stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
LOC:where did he get the title ?
LOC:where can i find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
HUM:what is michael jackson 's middle name ?
HUM:who was the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic ?
NUM:how long is human gestation ?
DESC:what does `` semper fidelis '' mean ?
ENTY:what kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
LOC:where does mother angelica live ?
DESC:how can i find out my moon sign ?
DESC:why does a candle need a wick ?
ENTY:musician ray charles plays what instrument ?
DESC:what were the three prophecies the witches make to macbeth ?
NUM:what 's the population of mississippi ?
HUM:who started the dominos pizza chain ?
ENTY:in what film did steven spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
ENTY:what are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
NUM:how old is jeremy piven ?
DESC:what is the history of yo-yos ?
HUM:which nba players had jersey number 0 ?
DESC:how does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
ENTY:what fossilizes to form coprolite ?
NUM:how many colored squares are there on a rubik 's cube ?
LOC:where is the mayo clinic ?
LOC:what caribbean island is sometimes called little england ?
LOC:where is amsterdam ?
LOC:where can i find the lyrics for the song ` getting married today ' from the musical ` company ' ?
ENTY:what 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
HUM:who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
LOC:what australian city became the home of the america 's cup ?
ENTY:aspartame is known by what other name ?
DESC:what is pasta ?
HUM:name randy craft 's lawyer .
HUM:what is the best distance education university or college ?
LOC:what river does the grand coulee dam dam ?
NUM:how often are quadruplets born ?
DESC:how does psorisis disappear ?
NUM:how many presidents have died on the 4th of july ?
ENTY:what three colors are on the french flag ?
DESC:what 's the mystery of the bermuda triangle ?
ENTY:what are the seven wonders of the world ?
ABBR:what does cnn stand for ?
HUM:what is a person called that likes fire ?
HUM:who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life ?
ENTY:what constitutes an adult ?
LOC:what is a reliable site that i can download heretic 2 ?
DESC:what is a neurosurgeon ?
ENTY:what baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
DESC:what are amaretto biscuits ?
ENTY:what common ailment can 't you catch at the north pole ?
NUM:what season begins with the vernal equinox ?
HUM:who was known as the time master in comic books ?
ENTY:what was the name of roy rogers 's dog ?
ENTY:what tv series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
LOC:where did cable cars first roll down clay street in 1873 ?
LOC:what is george lucas 's e-mail address ?
HUM:who is the father of the computer ?
DESC:what is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
DESC:what is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
DESC:what is the definition of cosmology ?
ENTY:what is the name of the dog on the cracker jack box ?
DESC:what are manifest and latent function theories ?
ENTY:what william styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
ENTY:what is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
HUM:who said : `` old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
HUM:what national league baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
DESC:what are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
NUM:how long were tyrannosaurus rex 's teeth ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word ozymandias ?
HUM:who 's the only man to have won the olympic decathlon twice ?
LOC:what kenyan city is the safari center for east africa ?
DESC:why do men snore ?
DESC:what causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
HUM:what is the name of miss india 1994 ?
LOC:what four u.s. states have active volcanoes ?
DESC:what 's the setting of john le carre 's a small town in germany ?
DESC:what does an echidna look like ?
DESC:what is the secret of the universe ?
HUM:who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
HUM:what major victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
HUM:the major league baseball team in pittsburgh is called what ?
ENTY:what is the name of the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
DESC:how did lee harvey oswald purchase his rifle ?
LOC:what are the biggest indian airports ?
ENTY:what is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in christmas trees ?
LOC:what are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
HUM:who is the pope ?
LOC:where on the internet can i find information on laundry detergent ?
ENTY:what do the french call la manche ?
ENTY:what 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
DESC:how do you clean up a cache ?
ENTY:what was the name of aristotle onassis 's yacht ?
ENTY:what is a fear of being dirty ?
ENTY:what animal occurs in spielberg 's `` jaws '' ?
DESC:what 's the red planet ?
NUM:the shea & gould law firm had an office in l.a. for how many years ?
HUM:what 's the most common surname in america ?
DESC:what is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
ENTY:what kind of tree graces lebanon 's flag ?
DESC:what is tumbled marble ?
ENTY:what are the various ways in which one can measure it user satisfaction level ?
LOC:what city is sometimes called the athens of switzerland ?
LOC:where did bocci originate ?
DESC:how does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
DESC:what are the valdez principles ?
DESC:how can i easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
DESC:how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet source ?
HUM:who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia people believe in ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word assassinate ?
NUM:what is the frequency of vhf ?
DESC:what are the arabic numerals from 1 to 10 ?
ENTY:what does the policeman become in the canadian edition of monopoly ?
NUM:how many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
DESC:what is digitalis ?
ENTY:what kind of flowers does detective nero wolfe raise ?
ENTY:what was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
DESC:what was the outcome of the 1945 yalta conference ?
DESC:what is `` flintknapping '' ?
ENTY:what 's the most popular contact lens color ?
LOC:what were the cities of dickens 's a tale of two cities ?
DESC:what causes canker sores in the mouth ?
NUM:in what year was the movie the ten commandments released ?
ENTY:what is the fastest fish in the world ?
ENTY:what is celebrated during the week of february 21-27 ?
ENTY:what is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
LOC:what countries have the best math students ?
NUM:when was the de beers company founded ?
ENTY:what was a california prayer book to an old west gambler ?
HUM:who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
ENTY:what 's another name for aspartame ?
DESC:what did john f. kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
ABBR:what 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
ENTY:what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
NUM:what is the date of bastille day ?
ABBR:what is ioc an abbreviation of ?
DESC:what 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta ?
ENTY:which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
LOC:where did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leichhardt , prussian born explorer , go to school ?
ENTY:what color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
NUM:how much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
HUM:what company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
ENTY:what disease does katharine hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
DESC:what did fcc chairman newton minow declare tv to be on may 9 , 1961 ?
NUM:how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
ENTY:what is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
DESC:what does tiffany mean ?
DESC:why do magnets attract ?
DESC:how do you address a chinese person ?
DESC:what is the meaning of thalassemia ?
DESC:how do i impress a guy ?
ENTY:what does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
NUM:when did princess diana and prince charles get married ?
LOC:which country did hitler rule ?
ENTY:what was the name of the american ship sunk by a mine in havana harbor , causing the spanish-american war ?
HUM:who directed the wild bunch ?
ENTY:what are emblazoned on the jolly roger ?
LOC:the orange bowl is in what city ?
DESC:what are the alveoli ?
NUM:how many leos have been pope ?
LOC:what state was herbert hoover born in ?
ENTY:what tv series featured neal , a martini-drinking st. bernard ?
ENTY:what developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of u.s. chief justice john marshall ?
NUM:how many fiddlers did old king cole have ?
HUM:what poet wrote : `` ... i have promises to keep , and miles to go before i sleep '' ?
DESC:what is ethylene ?
ENTY:what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
ENTY:what is a fear of clouds ?
ENTY:what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
ENTY:what is a fear of pregnancy ?
NUM:what is the population in india ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
NUM:how long do flies live ?
DESC:why is microsoft 's windows 3 software so successful ?
HUM:who runs andy capp 's favorite pub ?
LOC:what state produces the best lobster to eat ?
NUM:how many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
ENTY:what bowl game began as an east-west contest between michigan and stanford in 192 ?
LOC:what islands got their name from the spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
DESC:what is deadrise , nautical , ?
ENTY:what 's the official language of algeria ?
ENTY:what six words follow the line : `` from a jack to a king.. . '' ?
DESC:how do i find a city if i have the area code ?
HUM:what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
ENTY:what foods contain the most protein ?
HUM:what president was assassinated by charles j. guiteau ?
HUM:what comic of tv 's golden age went by the motto `` anything for a laugh '' ?
NUM:how many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
LOC:what was the nationality of jackson pollock ?
HUM:who invented the game bowling ?
ENTY:what are the snakes of new england ?
NUM:how many times larger than life size is the statue of liberty ?
LOC:what is the name of the country which hitler ruled ?
HUM:what group kidnaped patricia hearst ?
NUM:how long does a human live ?
LOC:where can i get u.s. economic statistics ?
NUM:how many superbowls have the ers won ?
DESC:what do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
DESC:what is a gandy dancer ?
HUM:who is the creator of `` the muppets '' ?
HUM:which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
ENTY:what triple crown-winning horse took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths ?
NUM:what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
ENTY:what is the dot on an the letter i called ?
LOC:what 's the capital of iowa ?
HUM:who asked you to do the loco-motion with her in 1962 ?
DESC:what 's the rathaus in frankfurt ?
HUM:what president served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
ENTY:what do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
DESC:what incident caused the canning of a summit conference between eisenhower and khrushchev ?
ABBR:what is the abbreviated form of the national bureau of investigation ?
ENTY:what is a fear of odors , body , ?
DESC:what is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
HUM:what is drew barrymore 's middle name ?
DESC:how do you write a book report ?
DESC:what are cobol , fortran , and pascal ?
HUM:what is supergirl 's secret identity ?
LOC:what is the us federal government website for standard industrial classification codes , sic , ?
HUM:what court does bob woodward describe in the brethren ?
HUM:who made the first surfboard ?
HUM:what is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in top cat 's neighborhood ?
NUM:on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
NUM:what are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
NUM:in what year did the us marine corps adopt the motto `` semper fidelis '' ?
NUM:how many films did ingmar bergman make ?
ENTY:what does a deltiologist collect ?
ABBR:what does the `` c '' stand for in the equation e=mc2 ?
HUM:who is the greek god of the sea ?
HUM:what well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
DESC:how do you measure the heat of the sun ?
DESC:why do some people have two different color eyes ?
ENTY:which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
NUM:when was the first barbie produced ?
ENTY:what 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
NUM:how many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
HUM:what green bay packers coach philosophized : `` there 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
DESC:how do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
LOC:where is the henry ford museum ?
ENTY:name a film that has won the golden bear in the berlin film festival ?
ENTY:what 's the international lawn tennis challenge trophy usually called ?
ENTY:what is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
ENTY:on which flight did fawaz younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
LOC:what are the 10 largest cities in the us ?
DESC:what is a wart ?
DESC:what is spaceball played on ?
DESC:how does rabies spread ?
HUM:what famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
LOC:what is drew barrymore 's email address ?
DESC:how can you tell if someone is lying ?
DESC:what is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
ENTY:what are fingernails made of ?
LOC:what nationality were the 123 people who died in the black hole of calcutta ?
DESC:what does storm wave mean in japanese ?
DESC:why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
DESC:how can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
HUM:what enigmatic u.s. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
HUM:who was charles lindbergh 's wife ?
HUM:who sings angel eyes from the 80 's ?
ENTY:what is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
DESC:what caused the titanic to sink ?
DESC:what is the chemiosmotic theory ?
HUM:what information can you tell me about actor james cromwell ?
DESC:how does an ion drive work ?
DESC:how can i trace my family roots ?
NUM:what was the date of iraq 's invasion of kuwait ?
ENTY:what is another word for diet ?
DESC:what is a courier ?
ENTY:what sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
DESC:how do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
ENTY:what award is the `` oscar '' of advertising ?
LOC:what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
ENTY:what ice creams contain seaweed ?
HUM:what dumb-but-loveable character did maurice gosfield play on the phil silvers show ?
ABBR:what is a `` usb '' port on a computer ?
ENTY:what term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
LOC:what sea surrounds the cayman islands ?
NUM:how many different vegetation zones are there ?
ABBR:what does lol mean ?
LOC:what ocean was amelia earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
ENTY:what book does holden caulfield appear in ?
DESC:what happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
HUM:what was the nickname of german flying ace manfred von richthofen ?
DESC:what does e=mc2 mean ?
DESC:how do i contact answers.com ?
ENTY:what are the names of the different toes ?
ENTY:what are different products of petroleum ?
DESC:what causes asthma ?
NUM:when was the bill of rights ratified ?
DESC:what do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on dr. pepper bottles ?
DESC:how can i find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
NUM:what 's the population of biloxi , mississippi ?
ENTY:what vowel do all esperanto nouns end in ?
DESC:what is a heuristic ?
LOC:what california desert is dubbed high desert ?
ENTY:in the miller lite tv commercial , who is the creature ?
HUM:who wrote ` hamlet ' ?
DESC:how did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
DESC:why can 't ostriches fly ?
LOC:where do the blackhawks maintain their operations ?
DESC:why are the rooftops in canada green ?
LOC:what african country was founded by freed american slaves in 1847 ?
NUM:what year did the first issue of `` playboy '' come out ?
LOC:the orange bowl is located in what city ?
ENTY:what is a fear of motion ?
HUM:what pseudonym did william sydney porter use in writing the gift of the magi ?
ENTY:what is a fear of glass ?
HUM:what is the last name of lucy and linus from the peanut 's comic strip ?
HUM:what cheery fellow got the zip code 9971 from the u.s. postal service in 1963 ?
NUM:how many layers does a bottle of yoo-hoo settle into ?
HUM:name pittsburgh 's baseball team .
LOC:what 's the nearest star to earth ?
LOC:where is inoco based ?
ENTY:what does el nino mean in spanish ?
DESC:what does choo choo charlie say ?
DESC:how do i register a trade name in north carolina ?
NUM:what was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the u.s. since 1865 ?
DESC:what is a jake brake ?
ENTY:what sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
HUM:who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
HUM:who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in a season ?
ENTY:what cards are bullets ?
NUM:what is the average age a horse lives ?
LOC:what planet would you visit to see bebrenia , arcadia , and amazonis ?
ENTY:which language has the most words ?
LOC:where is natick ?
ENTY:what j.r.r. tolkien book features gimli as a central character ?
HUM:who is shirley maclaine ?
HUM:what business exports the sparkling wine spumante ?
ENTY:what is a fear of water ?
DESC:what does the number 33 on the rolling rock beer bottle mean ?
DESC:what is the origin of the city `` corpus christi '' ?
HUM:who wrote ` the pines of rome ' ?
LOC:where is the valley of the kings ?
LOC:where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
HUM:who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
LOC:where are the union stockyards ?
LOC:where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
NUM:how many children does ray davies of the kinks have ?
NUM:how many years did shea & gould practice law in los angeles ?
ENTY:what did walter huston remove to perform in the movie the treasure of the sierra madre ?
NUM:how much salt is in the oceans ?
HUM:who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
ENTY:what animals acted as lapwarmers for american colonists in church ?
HUM:who won world war ii ?
DESC:where does `` bovine '' come from ?
LOC:where does the u.s. get most of its energy ?
LOC:what country , after canada and mexico , is closest to the u.s. ?
ENTY:what is the weakest bone in the body ?
DESC:what is dew point ?
HUM:who was garrett morgan married to ?
HUM:what was the name of darth vader 's son ?
NUM:how many stars are there in big dipper ?
HUM:who is ishmael in moby dick ?
NUM:how many wings does a flea have ?
LOC:what country has been called the queen of the antilles ?
LOC:where can i find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
NUM:what is the population of mozambique ?
DESC:what is multimedia ?
LOC:what state has the most indians ?
DESC:what is the difference between terry cloth and french terry ?
NUM:how long is camptown racetrack ?
HUM:name the two blob members of the animated herculoids .
LOC:where did luther display his `` ninety-five theses '' ?
DESC:what are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
DESC:what is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
LOC:what river is pocahontas buried along ?
DESC:what is `` bloodhound '' ?
NUM:how many miles is it from london , england to plymouth , england ?
ENTY:what was paul bunyan 's ox 's name ?
ENTY:what trophy is awarded to the winners of the super bowl ?
LOC:where is dartmouth college ?
HUM:what well-known tv talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
HUM:what one of the backstreet boys are single ?
NUM:how many people was randy craft convicted of murdering ?
HUM:what civil war general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea ?
HUM:who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
DESC:what is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
ABBR:what does ioc stand for ?
LOC:which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
DESC:why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
ENTY:what is the trademark of a washington redskin 's fan ?
DESC:why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
HUM:what suburban housewife and mother of three wrote the feminine mystique ?
DESC:how does a glacier form ?
NUM:on which date is the ukrainians ' christmas ?
LOC:what is the largest city in the world ?
ENTY:what famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
NUM:what is the average weight for a man ?
LOC:what country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
ENTY:what fuel do airplanes use ?
HUM:name a canine cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler .
DESC:what does palindromic mean ?
DESC:what baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
LOC:in which state are the mark twain national forests ?
LOC:what is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
DESC:how does belle describe her life in beauty and the beast ?
ENTY:what color flies closest to the staff on belgium 's flag ?
ENTY:what is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
ENTY:which ear can most people hear better with ?
LOC:where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
ENTY:what letter appears on the cold-water tap in spain ?
ENTY:how do you say `` grandma '' in irish ?
HUM:who shoplifts ?
ENTY:what is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
DESC:what is the socratic method ?
LOC:what island has a park called the battery at is southern tip ?
NUM:how much is clara peller being paid by wendy 's to say `` where 's the beef '' ?
DESC:what do i need to learn to design web pages ?
NUM:what was the date of cnn 's first broadcast ?
ENTY:what peter blatty novel recounts the horrors of regan macneil 's possession by the devil ?
NUM:what is the all-time stock high of apple computer , and where can i find this information ?
DESC:why are lions called `` king of the jungle '' ?
ENTY:what non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
ENTY:what meter was invented by c.c. magee in 1935 ?
NUM:when was calypso music invented ?
LOC:what caribbean island is northeast of trinidad ?
ENTY:what michelangelo sculpture is in saint peter 's cathedral , basilica , ?
DESC:what 's the difference and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ?
NUM:how old is bernadette peters ?
LOC:where can i find book reviews of `` turbulent souls '' ?
NUM:what is dick clark 's birthday ?
ENTY:what is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
NUM:when did hitler come to power in germany ?
NUM:when did gothic art and architecture flourish ?
HUM:which two inventors invented post-its ?
NUM:what day of the week was july 13 ?
HUM:whose image is alleged to be on the shroud of turin ?
ENTY:what does salk vaccine prevent ?
HUM:what u.s. general was court-martialled for criticizing american air power ?
ENTY:what is a fear of insanity ?
DESC:how do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
HUM:who said : `` the victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
NUM:approximately how many students are enrolled at the university of massachusetts ?
ENTY:what do west indian steel bands use as instruments ?
LOC:what is the fastest growing state in the u.s.a. in 1998 ?
NUM:how many american soldiers have died for their country to date ?
ENTY:what was the name of the u.s. 's first manned space program ?
HUM:who is langston hughes ?
ENTY:what were the achievements of richard nixon ?
LOC:where does the opera singer ileana cotrubas come from ?
HUM:saddam hussein was compared to whom by president bush ?
NUM:what year was the naacp founded ?
NUM:in what year did thatcher gain power ?
HUM:who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ?
LOC:where can i learn about samuel gompers ?
HUM:what jockey won 17 triple crown races ?
LOC:what u.s. state 's biggest lake is lake sam rayburn ?
DESC:what is greek pita ?
ENTY:what do peacocks mate with ?
HUM:who seized power from milton obote in 1971 ?
LOC:what state is niagara falls located in ?
NUM:how hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
DESC:what is narcolepsy ?
ENTY:what is the name of the american literary era that includes 1896 ?
ENTY:what 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
LOC:what scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
HUM:what well-known actor is the father of star alan alda ?
LOC:where is the smithsonian institute located ?
DESC:what does the name ` alexandra ' mean ?
NUM:what is the size of argentina ?
ENTY:what would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
DESC:what is leukemia ?
ENTY:what stephen sondheim ballad ends : `` well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
DESC:how does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
NUM:what date is richard nixon 's birthday ?
ENTY:what film canine is buried in pere-lachaise cemetery in paris ?
HUM:what little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
NUM:what percent of world 's fresh water is found in canada ?
NUM:cnn 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
DESC:why are the u.s. presidential elections held in november ?
NUM:how many grooves are on a dime ?
NUM:what number of american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
ABBR:what is the acronym for the national bureau of investigation ?
DESC:how does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
HUM:what father and son won the medal of honor ?
NUM:how many consecutive baseball games did lou gehrig play ?
NUM:how many different types of skunks are there ?
ENTY:what is the name of a salt lake city newspaper ?
NUM:what year did spielberg make `` jaws '' ?
DESC:what 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
HUM:what is the name of the woman who was with john belushi when he died ?
DESC:what is hyperopia ?
ENTY:what color poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
LOC:what do most tourists visit in reims ?
ENTY:which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
ENTY:in what book can i find the story of aladdin ?
LOC:what united states city produces the most oil ?
DESC:how do you pronounce `` tzimisce '' ?
ENTY:what 's the name of the tokyo stock exchange ?
NUM:what 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'the simpsons ' ?
ENTY:what tv show premiered on january 15 , 1981 ?
LOC:what was the only country in the western hemisphere to join the russian-led boycott of the 1984 summer olympics ?
LOC:in what part of africa is mozambique located ?
ABBR:what is the abbreviated term used for the national bureau of investigation ?
DESC:what is e-commerce ?
HUM:whose funeral train traveled from washington d.c. to springfield , illinois ?
DESC:how did names come about ?
HUM:what 's the better-known identity of john merrick , the noble ogre of victorian england ?
HUM:what is her husband 's name ?
HUM:what cigarette company urged us , `` come to where the flavor is ? ''
HUM:which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` outstanding mother award '' from the national mother 's day committee ?
HUM:what dynasty star made her 2th century-fox debut in the virgin queen ?
LOC:where is poe 's birthplace ?
HUM:what actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of life ?
ENTY:what was the first tv set to include a remote control ?
HUM:name the company that used the line , `` even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
ENTY:what first-aid product `` helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
DESC:how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cells ?
DESC:what was the verdict in the trial of lizzie borden ?
HUM:what u.s. president had brothers-in-law in the confederate army ?
HUM:who is the queen of holland ?
DESC:what does the greek word polis mean , as in minneapolis ?
LOC:where can i find detailed information about manchukuo ?
HUM:what actor learned to play the saxophone and speak russian for a role in a movie ?
HUM:who says , `` if you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
HUM:who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ?
NUM:how much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in monopoly ?
LOC:where 's the gum department store ?
DESC:what is the literal meaning of `` d-day '' ?
LOC:what state was named the green mountain state ?
ENTY:what carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
NUM:what year was the atm first introduced ?
LOC:what are all the southern states of the united states ?
HUM:who is johnny carson ?
NUM:what does 7847+5943 equal ?
ENTY:what book is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life ?
DESC:why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
HUM:what attorneys work for the center for the defense of free enterprise ?
DESC:how did the u.s. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the spanish-american war ?
NUM:what is dick clark 's date of birth ?
DESC:what does the name `` sheri '' mean ?
ENTY:what is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
NUM:how many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
LOC:what constellation is known as the water bearer ?
ENTY:what tale has the moral : `` he who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
HUM:what u.s. university boasts the largest library ?
NUM:in which year was the cartoon character chilly willy created ?
ENTY:name a salt lake city newspaper .
LOC:what state is mount mckinley in ?
DESC:how did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
HUM:which classical spanish writer said `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
DESC:what is swap math ?
DESC:what is hypnotherapy ?
ABBR:what is rcd ?
NUM:how large is missouri 's population ?
ENTY:which cats pursued tweety pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
DESC:what is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
HUM:which organization is the security council a part of ?
NUM:when was the internal combustion engine developed ?
DESC:how can i find out my biorhythm ?
HUM:who painted `` soft self-portrait with grilled bacon '' ?
HUM:what company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
ENTY:what is a fear of touching ?
ENTY:what is the name of the largest water conservancy project in china ?
HUM:who killed caesar ?
LOC:where is kings canyon ?
DESC:what are the words to the song sung by `` banana in pajamas '' ?
DESC:why are organ transplants more successful today ?
ENTY:which is the most-used computer program ?
DESC:what is the root of all evil ?
ENTY:what animal has the best hearing ?
NUM:what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
NUM:what amount of money did the philippine ex-dictator marcos steal from the treasury ?
ENTY:what film featured shirley maclaine as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp ?
ENTY:what is a fear of drinking ?
LOC:what asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
NUM:how many varieties of apple are there ?
HUM:who is count cinzano ?
HUM:who 's won the most oscars for costume design ?
ENTY:what ernest hemingway novel had the working title fiesta ?
ENTY:what color of monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
ENTY:which beatles disc cover honors the rolling stones ?
DESC:why does it snow ?
NUM:what is the average life expectancy of a male in ireland in 1996 ?
DESC:what is `` vocal sampling '' ?
ENTY:what ocean liner burned and sank in hong kong harbor ?
LOC:what city is near the mouth of the amazon ?
HUM:what u.s. vice-president once declared : `` if you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
HUM:who wrote the red badge of courage ?
ENTY:what color , s , appear on boxes of kodak film ?
LOC:where did the inuits live ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
DESC:what is compaq 's mission statement ?
ENTY:what was the name of the 1899 policy forced on china by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
DESC:how did rocky marciano die ?
HUM:who invented the road traffic cone ?
HUM:what is the name of joan jett 's band ?
HUM:which of the following people is not associated with andy warhol ?
ENTY:what does visine get out ?
HUM:what civilization invented the arch ?
DESC:what are some fun things to do in cozumel , mexico for teenagers ?
LOC:what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
LOC:where was `` i have fallen , and i can 't get up '' said first ?
HUM:what president 's ghost is said to haunt the white house ?
DESC:what is the definition of hazmat ?
LOC:where did the wright brothers make their first flight ?
ENTY:what do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
HUM:name the two youngsters saved by the animated moby dick .
HUM:who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
LOC:what is the snowiest city in the u.s. ?
DESC:what is crabgrass ?
ENTY:what book opens : `` at a certain village in la mancha , which i shall not name.. . '' ?
HUM:who is stephen hawking ?
ABBR:what does shield stand for ?
DESC:what is the gay science ?
DESC:why is jane goodall famous ?
NUM:what is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
HUM:the name of the actor who played the detective in the film kindergarden cop is what ?
DESC:what is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
DESC:what is the difference between optical and digital video ?
DESC:what clause in the u.s. constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
DESC:what 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
HUM:what actor came to dinner in guess who 's coming to dinner ?
DESC:what is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
DESC:what is a guild ?
DESC:what is the difference between college and graduate school ?
DESC:how do i change a file from an art file to a jpeg or bitmap file ?
DESC:what is franz kafka 's short story `` a country doctor '' trying to tell us ?
HUM:what engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
LOC:what south american capital is the world 's highest ?
DESC:what are the lyrics to the star spangled banner ?
LOC:name a civil war battlefield .
NUM:when do you plant winter wheat ?
DESC:what will a compass do in outer space ?
HUM:which college did dikembe mutombo attend ?
HUM:who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
HUM:who was the first black woman to star in the folies bergeres ?
ENTY:what aesop 's fable has the moral : `` the race is not always to the swift. slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
LOC:what famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the venetian lagoon from venice ?
DESC:how is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
DESC:what is a hydrogen bond ?
NUM:what is the exchange rate between england and the u.s. ?
ENTY:what does a woman want ?
NUM:what is the protection rate of using condoms ?
ABBR:what 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
LOC:which continent has the most roses ?
ENTY:what russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the napoleonic wars ?
DESC:how do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
DESC:how do i check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
ENTY:what is your favorite color ?
ENTY:what is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
NUM:how many corners does a spritsail have ?
HUM:what bottled-up tv character was born in baghdad ?
DESC:what is a multiplexer ?
ENTY:what credit card features a centurion on its face ?
LOC:what are the four largest mountain ranges on the asian continent ?
DESC:what are the poconos ?
DESC:what does caliente mean , in english ?
DESC:what is jane goodall famous for ?
ENTY:what is the mission of nike ?
DESC:what is thalassemia ?
NUM:how far can you see ?
ENTY:what nuclear-powered russian submarine sank in the norwegian sea on april 7 , 1989 ?
DESC:why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
LOC:where in the bible does it tell about jesus christ 's brothers and sisters ?
LOC:what country boasts the southernmost point in continental europe ?
NUM:when did nostradamus believe world war iii would begin ?
DESC:what is so powerful about power bars ?
LOC:what country was brian boru an 11th-century king of ?
DESC:what happens when a body part falls asleep ?
ENTY:what english word has the most letters ?
ENTY:what film ends with the line : `` this is mrs. norman maine '' ?
HUM:who asked the musical question : `` have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
HUM:who wrote : `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree '' ?
DESC:what is june 's birthstone ?
LOC:where did the 6th annual meeting of indonesia-malaysia forest experts take place ?
DESC:why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
HUM:who played the part of the godfather in the movie , ` the godfather ' ?
NUM:when was london 's docklands light railway constructed ?
DESC:what is the origin of the proverb `` a stitch in time saves nine '' ?
LOC:what state capital comes last alphabetically ?
DESC:why is thanksgiving on a thursday ?
DESC:how do telephones work ?
ENTY:what 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
NUM:how long did the charles manson murder trial last ?
HUM:who owns the st. louis rams ?
LOC:where is former pro wrestler johnny `` rubber man '' walker ?
ENTY:what beer tells us , `` grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?
ENTY:which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
DESC:what is diabetes ?
NUM:when do mormons believe christ was born ?
NUM:in what year was actress joan collins born ?
ENTY:what is a fear of punishment ?
NUM:what is average salary of restaurant manager in united states ?
ENTY:what device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
ENTY:what will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
NUM:on average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
DESC:what 's a short ton ?
NUM:how long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
ENTY:what two body parts grow all your life ?
HUM:what texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
LOC:what country has the port of haifa ?
ENTY:what is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
ENTY:what is the recipe for eggs benedict ?
LOC:what is the address for the main government office in rome , italy ?
ENTY:what is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
DESC:what is goldenseal ?
HUM:who made the most appearances in the center square on hollywood squares ?
ENTY:what is the chemical composition of a barbie ?
NUM:how many of every 10 members of the rodeo cowboys association have never worked a ranch ?
HUM:what store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
ENTY:what is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
DESC:what is tetrinet ?
HUM:what `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
ENTY:what is the longest english word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
ENTY:what is chiricahua the name of ?
ENTY:what 's the green variety of beryl called ?
ENTY:what was the name of captain bligh 's ship ?
ENTY:which is heavier - cream or milk ?
HUM:who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
LOC:where is romania located ?
NUM:how many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
NUM:how many small businesses are there in the u.s .
NUM:what age is benny carter ?
DESC:how do you clean an lcd monitor screen ?
LOC:what city did the mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
DESC:what is amezaiku ?
LOC:what two countries are linked by the brenner pass ?
ENTY:what new games are available for nintendo 64 ?
LOC:mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
ENTY:what is the predominant color of the tab label ?
LOC:what u.s. city was named for st. francis of assisi ?
NUM:how many megawatts will the power project in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
DESC:what is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
HUM:who is the sexiest women in the world ?
LOC:where can i get a photograph of professor randolph quirk ?
DESC:how do you handle a hungry man ?
HUM:who 's played the most games for the new york yankees ?
HUM:what tv character said ; `` one of these days , alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
HUM:what is the name of the indian who became prime minister by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 election ?
ENTY:what are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
HUM:what chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
NUM:what was einstein 's iq ?
HUM:name the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
DESC:why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
ENTY:what are john c. calhoun and henry clay known as ?
HUM:what are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of lunt and fontanne ?
ENTY:what are some good exercises for kids to do ?
ABBR:what is the abbreviation of the national bureau of investigation ?
LOC:what is the principal river of ireland ?
LOC:what lake is the source of the white nile ?
ENTY:garry kasparov plays what game ?
NUM:how much does a poodle weigh ?
DESC:what is zionism ?
HUM:what cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
NUM:how many points are there on a backgammon board ?
DESC:what have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
ENTY:which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
ENTY:what product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
DESC:what else has the swastika stood for ?
DESC:why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
NUM:how many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
ENTY:what are the 7 wonders of the world ?
NUM:when did theo rousseau paint the `` forest of fontaine '' ?
NUM:how many people have been captain america ?
DESC:what is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
ENTY:what became the biggest cash crop in the u.s. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
DESC:how did the war of 1812 affect delaware ?
ENTY:where is the human skin least sensitive ?
HUM:what president was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
ENTY:what is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
LOC:what are all the rivers in europe ?
HUM:who won the superbowl in ?
ENTY:what five cards make up a perfect cribbage hand ?
NUM:in what year was gandhi assassinated ?
NUM:what is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
ENTY:what is the full classification of a lady bug ?
HUM:what hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956-1971 ?
NUM:how many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
ENTY:what was the name of the peace agreement imposed on germany after world war i ?
LOC:what 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?
DESC:how do you box train a cat ?
ENTY:what newspaper serves salt lake city ?
NUM:the film `` jaws '' was made in what year ?
DESC:how does lightning travel ?
ENTY:what spice do chefs pay the most for ?
HUM:who directed citizen kane ?
ENTY:what was the sister ship of the olympic ?
HUM:what is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of to los angeles ?
ABBR:what is html ?
DESC:how do you identify prime numbers ?
HUM:whose special bear 's creator was born on january 18 , 1779 ?
HUM:what high school does archie attend ?
ENTY:what animal migrates the farthest ?
DESC:why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
ENTY:madonna hocks which soft drink ?
HUM:what television network flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
LOC:in what country is lund ?
ENTY:what 's the sequel to alice 's adventures in wonderland ?
HUM:what italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
HUM:who said : `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
DESC:what 's a water funnel ?
ENTY:what is a fear of worms ?
DESC:what is a chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
DESC:what does an emperor do ?
HUM:what president kissed the queen mother on the lips ?
LOC:what continent pushes up the executive committee mountain range ?
DESC:how do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
DESC:what was al capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
ENTY:what food can i use to catch a possum ?
HUM:what was al capone 's nickname ?
HUM:who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
LOC:what is the largest city in germany ?
ENTY:what is a fear of cholera ?
LOC:what park contains firehole river and fairy falls ?
LOC:what 's the largest island in the west indies ?
LOC:what new england state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
ENTY:what is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?
LOC:in what county is eckley colorado ?
NUM:how much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-tree ?
DESC:what is the song stairway to heaven by led zeppelin about ?
ENTY:what are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
NUM:how long do hermit crabs live ?
LOC:what city hosted the first winter olympics in asia ?
DESC:what is the origin of the first name ` breony ' ?
NUM:what month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
HUM:who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ?
DESC:what is the origin of `` beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
ENTY:what soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ?
ENTY:what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
ENTY:madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
ABBR:what does a&w of root beer fame stand for ?
ENTY:what tennis term is said to come from the french word for egg ?
ENTY:what does a collier mine ?
NUM:how much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
LOC:what desert country borders saudi arabia , iraq and the persian gulf ?
ENTY:what are the ages in comic book lingo ?
ENTY:what kinds of animals are in cambodia ?
HUM:what south african producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
HUM:what american actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
DESC:what do the 12 days of christmas mean ?
ENTY:what john steinbeck novel portrays the joad family , driven from the oklahoma dustbowl ?
NUM:what date did man first land on the moon ?
LOC:where are the headquarters of eli lilly ?
NUM:how many web servers are there ?
DESC:what 's the last line of dickens 's a christmas carol ?
NUM:how many trees go into paper making in a year ?
LOC:where can i find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
DESC:how come light bulbs go out ?
DESC:for what reason did the shea & gould law firm close their l.a. office ?
NUM:how far out is the universe ?
DESC:what is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
ENTY:what disease is the second-biggest killer of north americans ?
LOC:where did the mayan indians live ?
DESC:what happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
ENTY:what is a fear of crystals or glass ?
ENTY:name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
NUM:how many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
LOC:where did dylan thomas die ?
ENTY:what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
ENTY:what disease did august von wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
HUM:what card company sells christmas ornaments ?
DESC:how do i find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
ENTY:what can communications satellites offer yachts ?
NUM:how many fig newtons are there to the pound ?
HUM:who is the premier of china ?
HUM:what cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` you 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
NUM:how many bones are there in the human hand ?
HUM:what bread company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
HUM:who was the president of vichy france ?
HUM:whose kidnaping was termed the crime of the century ?
DESC:what is hydrogen ?
HUM:what group asked the musical question do you believe in magic ?
LOC:what was the tallest building in america in 1922 ?
HUM:what buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
DESC:what is recruitment interview technique ?
DESC:how does a hurricane form ?
DESC:what does the donation process entail ?
NUM:how far is it from phoenix to blythe ?
LOC:what new hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in u.s. presidential elections ?
ENTY:what garment was named for bradley , voorhees and day ?
HUM:who first broke the sound barrier ?
NUM:how many horses are there on a polo team ?
ENTY:what 's destroyed in genesis 19 : 24 ?
ENTY:what new year is celebrated on february 16th ?
DESC:what is occam 's razor ?
LOC:where do the grimace and mayor mccheese live ?
NUM:how long does it take to hike the entire appalachian trail ?
LOC:where is the world championship sled dog race held each february ?
DESC:what are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
DESC:how is thalassemia defined ?
ENTY:what 's the name of the tampa newspaper ?
DESC:what is a storm surge ?
DESC:how do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
ENTY:what is one of the languages of the sioux ?
HUM:what pulitzer prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of new york city ?
DESC:how is cologne made ?
ENTY:what was the food of the greek gods called ?
DESC:what does camera-ready art mean ?
NUM:how many seats does the batmobile sport ?
NUM:how many cards are dealt to each player in gin rummy ?
DESC:what happened to phillip taylor kramer ?
ENTY:what erica jong novel deals with isadora wing 's fear ?
NUM:what time of year do most people fly ?
HUM:who was scrooge 's dead partner in dickens 's a christmas carol ?
DESC:what is the origin of the christmas tree ?
NUM:when is the thai new year ?
ENTY:what four tournaments make up tennis ' grand slam ?
ENTY:what 1964 film introduced the song my kind of town ?
HUM:who recorded the 1957 hit tammy ?
ENTY:what is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
ENTY:in kafka 's metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
ENTY:what does caliente translate to in english ?
HUM:who is mia farrow 's mother ?
DESC:how do you determine if a computer monitor has an svga adapter ?
NUM:how far can a human eye see ?
NUM:what time of year has the most air travel ?
DESC:what does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
NUM:when was the g7 group of nations formed ?
DESC:what are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
HUM:what baseball player was walked the most times ?
HUM:what famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera hansel and gretel ?
ENTY:what were the first frozen foods ?
ENTY:what is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
HUM:who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
NUM:what percentage of all world tornados touch down in the us ?
HUM:what labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a michigan restaurant ?
NUM:when did the carolingian period begin ?
DESC:what motto ended merrie melodies cartoons ?
HUM:who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' television show ?
NUM:how many emperors were there in the roman empire ?
DESC:what is cabarnet sauvignon ?
DESC:what is a virtual ip address ?
ENTY:what 's the name of the tiger that advertises for frosted flakes cereal ?
HUM:who sent the brief message `` i came , i saw , i conquered '' ?
ENTY:what color is mr. spock 's blood ?
HUM:what u.s. air force general led the first bombing raid over tokyo ?
HUM:what u.s. vice-president said : `` some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
HUM:what was the name of the first watergate special prosecutor , later fired by nixon ?
DESC:how do movie blues screens work ?
DESC:how does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
HUM:what 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the soviet communist party ?
DESC:what was the vietnam war ?
DESC:what is la nina ?
DESC:why did the globe theatre burn down ?
NUM:on what day were john f and jackie kennedy married ?
ENTY:what was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
DESC:what is meant by blood sed rate ?
HUM:who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ?
HUM:who won a pulitzer prize for his novel the caine mutiny ?
ENTY:what 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
LOC:where is your corpus callosum ?
ENTY:what broadway musical featured the song , `` if i were a rich man ? ''
HUM:who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
DESC:why is the development of space so important ?
DESC:what is the nursery rhyme rock-a-by baby about ?
LOC:when superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
NUM:how old is singer freedy johnston ?
DESC:what is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
DESC:what does aaron mean ?
ENTY:what is a fear of hair ?
HUM:what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
DESC:what is a conifer ?
HUM:who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
DESC:what is different about the red and black fox ?
DESC:what is e-commerce ?
DESC:how do i tie a tie ?
LOC:where can i get cotton textiles importer details ?
NUM:when did spain and korea start ambassadorial relations ?
HUM:what kind of people took part in shays ' rebellion in massachusetts in 1787 ?
DESC:what is chromatology ?
NUM:how many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
DESC:how was the aclu formed ?
ENTY:what are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
ENTY:what do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
LOC:what canal does the thatcher ferry bridge span ?
HUM:what american won the world grand prix driving championship in 1978 ?
NUM:what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
ENTY:what 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
LOC:where can i find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to american standard ?
ENTY:what is the name of kevin costner 's movie about sioux indians ?
HUM:name a female figure skater .
DESC:why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
NUM:how long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
DESC:how is abigail arcane related to the villainous opponent of the swamp thing ?
ENTY:what did the congress of vienna establish ?
NUM:what is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
ENTY:what harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
NUM:how many spears are there on kenya 's flag ?
DESC:what did mighty mouse always sing as he went into action ?
LOC:where did george of the jungle live ?
DESC:how did bob marley die ?
NUM:what 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
NUM:what percentage of american men are alcoholic ?
NUM:in south korea , how many american soldiers are there ?
HUM:who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president 's men ?
NUM:what are the numbers that fit into fermont 's last theorem ?
HUM:who was tiny tim 's father ?
ENTY:what does a heliologist study ?
ENTY:what shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
LOC:where do i find information for foreclosure properties on the internet ?
HUM:who is the antichrist ?
ENTY:what was the first english play written exclusively for children ?
LOC:which latin american country is the largest ?
LOC:what was the former residence of scottish kings in edinburgh ?
NUM:how many teats does a female goat sport ?
NUM:how tall is kilamanjaro ?
LOC:what country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
LOC:what country is the origin of the band the creeps ?
ENTY:what did the crocodile swallow in peter pan ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
HUM:which of the following celebrities was not born in philadelphia ?
NUM:what is the number of american soldiers deployed to south korea ?
LOC:where is the biggest bell ?
ENTY:what is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
DESC:how do microwaves work ?
ENTY:what magazine paid ernest hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
NUM:what is the estimated total u.s. whitetail deer population ?
HUM:who wrote the farmer 's almanac ?
ENTY:what animal received royal assent as an emblem of canada on march 24 , 1975 ?
NUM:what number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
HUM:which team won the super bowl in 1968 ?
DESC:what is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
ENTY:what film dramatized the scopes monkey trial ?
HUM:cnn is owned by whom ?
DESC:what is the highest roman numeral ?
ENTY:what tv series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ?
HUM:who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
DESC:how is digital audio used ?
ABBR:what is afs ?
HUM:who was quetzalcoatl ?
ENTY:what operating system do ibm-compatible machines use ?
HUM:what french leader sold louisiana to the united states ?
LOC:what bay sparkles next to miami , florida ?
NUM:how many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
LOC:what famed river flows through bagdad ?
DESC:how is bubble wrap made ?
DESC:what is java ?
HUM:who is the prime minister of japan ?
HUM:what 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
NUM:how many `` no '' answers was the what 's my line ? panel allowed ?
NUM:what is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
HUM:who wrote the book , `` song of solomon '' ?
LOC:where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
HUM:name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
ENTY:what tv show did john sebastian sing the theme for ?
HUM:who is the president of the spanish government ?
HUM:who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
HUM:which of the following actors worked in new york 's yiddish theater ?
HUM:who invented the stethoscope ?
DESC:what is a mathematical factor ?
NUM:how many four star generals were there and who are they ?
NUM:when did nixon die ?
ENTY:what was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the pole ?
HUM:what comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie ?
NUM:how many members are in the california congressional delegation ?
LOC:what erupts every hour at yellowstone national park ?
LOC:what country contains the highest point in south america ?
HUM:what are arnold palmer 's fans called ?
HUM:who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
LOC:what constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
HUM:who developed potlatch ?
NUM:how long did shea and gould practice law in los angeles ?
NUM:what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
HUM:what group included abbey hoffman , jerry rubin , and tom hayden ?
DESC:what made jane goodall famous ?
NUM:at what age did rossini stop writing opera ?
LOC:what russian seaport has a name meaning `` lord of the east '' ?
HUM:name the two actress daughters of john mills .
NUM:how old was gene siskel ?
DESC:what can be done about snoring ?
LOC:what rocky mountain ridge separates north america 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?
HUM:who is the actress bette davis once said she wished she looked like ?
HUM:who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz ?
ENTY:what does a chiropodist treat ?
DESC:what is porphyria ?
LOC:what gate opened on east and west berlin ?
HUM:who was the first king of england ?
DESC:what made the finger lakes in western new york state ?
ENTY:in what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
NUM:how many calories are there in soy sauce ?
HUM:who killed kurt cobain ?
HUM:who created the monster in mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ?
LOC:what 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
DESC:why does the sun shine only a short time in alaska ?
ENTY:what chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
NUM:how big is our galaxy in diameter ?
ENTY:what product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
NUM:when is a woman most fertile ?
HUM:what son of a 15-year-old mexican girl and a half-irish father became the world 's most famous greek ?
HUM:who was the first man to return to space ?
ENTY:what brand of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
HUM:who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ?
HUM:what did the seven dwarfs do for a living ?
HUM:who shot billy the kid ?
DESC:what is he doing now ?
HUM:what mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
ENTY:what video format was an alternative to vhs ?
DESC:where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
ENTY:what is money made of ?
LOC:what 's the name of a hotel in indianapolis ?
NUM:how many people in tucson ?
LOC:where is melbourne ?
HUM:with whom did bush compare saddam hussein ?
NUM:what is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
HUM:what pillar of the dutch renaissance painted aristotle contemplating the bust of homer ?
LOC:what is the largest county in size in massachusetts ?
HUM:what is the name of the brilliant british economist behind its creation ?
HUM:who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show ?
DESC:what is it like to experience a near death episode ?
HUM:what mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
NUM:how much is a canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
DESC:why didn 't european colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
LOC:what natural attractions draw the most visitors in the united states ?
HUM:what presidential administration challenged americans to explore the new frontier ?
NUM:how many years did sleeping beauty sleep ?
NUM:how long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
DESC:how do i know someone is truly in love with me ?
ENTY:which of many numbered vats of scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
DESC:what is literary criticism ?
DESC:how do you throw a housewarming party ?
ENTY:what international sport was originally called hurley ?
HUM:what famous british actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
DESC:what does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
LOC:what country was kim philby really working for ?
DESC:what does freddy freeman say to become captain marvel jr. ?
LOC:what country was hitler the chancellor of ?
HUM:what is rona barrett 's married name ?
NUM:how many years make up a lustrum ?
ENTY:what are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
HUM:who is the mathematician that won the noble prize for literature in 1950 ?
HUM:which glamorous actress is a close friend of dick tracy ?
ENTY:what 1956 grace metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
HUM:name the three races unleashed by the celestials in marvel comics .
NUM:how old is the italian artist maurizio pellegrin ?
HUM:what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
DESC:what is the distinction of erle stanley gardner 's the case of the terrified typist ?
LOC:what north american city would you visit to see cleopatra 's needle ?
NUM:when was the nfl established ?
LOC:where can i find an ask an expert site ?
HUM:what writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful broadway and underworld characters ?
LOC:what u.s. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
HUM:what are the residents of the island of lesbos called ?
ENTY:what is the organizational structure of the new delhi indira gandhi airport ?
ENTY:at christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
ENTY:what international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
HUM:who 's baby was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ?
LOC:where is mile high stadium ?
ENTY:what were baffin , frobisher and franklin looking for ?
DESC:what is limbo ?
LOC:what city contains the district of hell 's kitchen ?
ENTY:what interesting method was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoons ?
ENTY:what are the stars made of ?
HUM:what english physician was born on january 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
HUM:who did arthur h. bremer try to assassinate on may 15 , 1972 ?
NUM:how fast must a spacecraft travel to escape earth 's gravity ?
HUM:what apostle is taylor caldwell 's great lion of god ?
NUM:how many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
ENTY:what anesthetic did queen victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
ENTY:what element , from the periodic table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
DESC:what is a tonne ?
LOC:which one of the great lakes is entirely within u.s. territory ?
ABBR:what is deet ?
HUM:what company sells the most greeting cards ?
LOC:what u.s. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
DESC:what is the bernoulli principle ?
HUM:what 's comic strip photographer peter parker 's secret identity ?
DESC:what is difference between a poster and a print ?
ENTY:in which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?
ENTY:what are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
LOC:what nationality is pope john paul ii ?
DESC:what is false consciousness ?
ENTY:which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
LOC:where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
NUM:how many israeli athletes were killed at the munich olympics ?
ENTY:what is the scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
NUM:when was richard nixon born ?
LOC:what new york city landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
LOC:where is the bulls basketball team based ?
NUM:what is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
HUM:which rockefeller was sometimes called `` jdr3 '' ?
NUM:what is the average hours per months spent online by aol users ?
HUM:whom did friz freleng add to the warner bros. cartoon ranks ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
ENTY:what started in 1849 when gold was discovered at sutter 's mill ?
DESC:what is a first world country ?
HUM:who was shakespeare 's moorish general ?
LOC:what 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
LOC:what country was erich honecker the leader of ?
DESC:how does salt melt ice and snow ?
LOC:what two japanese cities are spelled with the letters k , o , o , t and y ?
HUM:who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics ?
LOC:where did wile e. coyote always get his devices ?
NUM:how far away is the moon ?
HUM:what famous film and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
DESC:what is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
DESC:what was the reason for the partition of the anglican and vatican churches ?
DESC:what is butterfield 8 in butterfield 8 ?
ABBR:what is dtmf ?
ENTY:name a movie that the actress , sandra bullock , had a role in .
ENTY:what blew up at lakehurst , new jersey , on may 6 , 1977 ?
HUM:who commanded the french forces at the battle of orleans ?
LOC:where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
LOC:what countries does the mont blanc tunnel join ?
ENTY:what ill-fated craft was captained by ernst lehmann ?
NUM:when did amtrak begin operations ?
NUM:how many bones are in the human hand ?
NUM:how many chemical elements are there ?
LOC:what eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the u.s. ?
LOC:what are the three most populated countries in the world ?
HUM:who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ?
NUM:what is the current population for these countries : france , spain , italy , greece , austria , germany , switzerland , the netherlands ?
NUM:what is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
ENTY:what color is the lipstick on boy george 's wax lips at london 's madame tussaud 's ?
DESC:what is the origin of the candy cane at christmas ?
ENTY:what is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
ENTY:what terror of the sea did johnny horton sing about ?
LOC:what is the largest office block in the world ?
HUM:who turned all he touched to gold ?
ENTY:what is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
LOC:what country did the romans call hibernia ?
HUM:who was the most famous food editor of the new york times ?
NUM:how many dogs pull a sled in the iditarod ?
ENTY:what 's a male witch called ?
NUM:how long does cocaine stay in your system ?
LOC:what two countries fought the hundred years ' war ?
HUM:who was the last u.s. president to reinstate selective service registration ?
NUM:on which dates does the running of the bulls occur in pamplona , spain ?
HUM:what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
HUM:what actress 's autobiography is titled shelley : also known as shirley ?
NUM:how many colors was the 1940s collectible called a donald duck rubber boat ?
DESC:how did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
HUM:who lived on the shores of the gitchee gumee river ?
ENTY:what did tristan come back as ?
LOC:what country will hit the year 2 first ?
ENTY:what colors make up a rainbow ?
HUM:who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
HUM:what is goldfinger 's first name ?
LOC:what square is the geographical center of london ?
HUM:which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
LOC:what is the most populated city in the world ?
NUM:how many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in edgar degas 's 1886 painting the tub ?
NUM:what is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
ABBR:what does jessica mean ?
LOC:where did victor hugo spend his exile ?
DESC:how does the elongated man know a mystery is afoot ?
ENTY:what food of the three bears did goldilocks eat ?
DESC:what is boston kreme ?
HUM:who should i call to get a tour of the new york stock exchange ?
NUM:how many airline schools are there in the u.s. ?
HUM:what u.s. general died december 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
DESC:what is a swatch ?
DESC:what does ouija mean ?
NUM:how many major nazi leaders went on trial after the war at nuremberg ?
ENTY:what kind of fish is a coney ?
LOC:what state did helen keller call home ?
HUM:what was the name of the director of the movie `` jaws '' ?
DESC:what steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
DESC:what were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
NUM:what year is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a can of campbell 's tomato soup ?
LOC:what country 's royal house is bourbon-parma ?
HUM:who portrayed w.c. fields in the film w.c. fields and me ?
ENTY:what were the ceremony traditions like during the elizabethian times ?
HUM:which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball at ?
ENTY:what is a fear of going to bed ?
DESC:where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
DESC:why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
NUM:how much money does the sultan of brunei have ?
NUM:what month 's third weekend is the monterey jazz festival held on ?
DESC:what is the `` global economy '' ?
HUM:who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
DESC:what is a caul ?
HUM:who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
DESC:what does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
DESC:what is a bone marrow transplant ?
DESC:what is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
LOC:what african capital is named for a u.s. president ?
ENTY:what is the name of a language spoken by the sioux ?
LOC:what mediterranean island is home to the first club med ?
ENTY:what does an edentulous smile lack ?
ENTY:what is a fear of jealousy ?
LOC:where can you find the venus flytrap ?
ENTY:what is the largest sculpture in the world ?
NUM:when was john d. rockefeller born ?
LOC:what building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
DESC:what is home banking ?
ENTY:what william makepeace thackeray novel was made into a film by stanley kubrick ?
HUM:who was the lawyer for randy steven craft ?
DESC:how do hermit crabs reproduce ?
HUM:who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
DESC:how do you stop junk snail mail ?
HUM:what future soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to marxism ?
NUM:how long does james bond like his eggs boiled ?
LOC:what u.s. city 's skyline boasts the gateway arch ?
LOC:where is belize located ?
ENTY:what 's the common name for a japanese dwarf tree ?
ENTY:what did thomas paine write ?
HUM:who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for promotion ?
HUM:who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winners ?
ENTY:what lewis carroll book introduced humpty dumpty to the world ?
HUM:who wrote brave new world ?
LOC:what state does charles robb represent ?
DESC:what is hydroelectricity ?
NUM:how many people are taller than 7 feet ?
HUM:who wrote unsafe at any speed ?
NUM:how many islands make up antigua ?
DESC:how does an abacus work ?
DESC:what causes rust ?
ENTY:what is the fear of the computer called ?
ENTY:what is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
LOC:what u.s. state boasts stone mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
HUM:what british commander surrendered to george washington at yorktown in 1781 ?
HUM:who created the world wide web , www ?
ENTY:what is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
HUM:what is the name of the president of garmat u.s.a ?
ENTY:what was the name of the television show , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the title ?
HUM:who were leaders of the byzantine empire ?
HUM:who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
DESC:what is splatterpunk ?
HUM:who built the first pyramid ?
LOC:what southeast asian country has the wang river joining the ping river at tak ?
LOC:what italian city of 155 were leonardo da vinci , michaelangelo , and machiavelli all working in ?
ENTY:what color tennis balls are used at wimbledon ?
ENTY:what is a 2-sided object called ?
HUM:name a french fascist party .
ENTY:name the french historical period during the reign of napoleon iii .
ENTY:what movie has made the most money ?
DESC:what is time ?
LOC:what is the name of the largest city in chile , south america ?
ENTY:what are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
NUM:what ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
NUM:how many cities are there in utah ?
HUM:what famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
NUM:how many visitors go to the vatican each year ?
NUM:what is the population of mexico ?
DESC:how do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
LOC:what is the best online games site ?
DESC:why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
NUM:what century did art 's romantic period begin in ?
NUM:how many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
DESC:what is a cake of soap ?
NUM:in what year was the berlin wall erected ?
NUM:what is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
NUM:what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
ABBR:what does msg stand for ?
LOC:on what avenue is the original saks department store located ?
LOC:where does the song anything goes take place ?
LOC:where was the first zoo in the u.s. ?
ENTY:what is april 's gemstone ?
HUM:what is the present pope named ?
HUM:who is the nebbish that is marvel 's official mascot ?
ENTY:what powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
ENTY:what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
ENTY:what is one of the languages spoken by the sioux called ?
NUM:how many bytes are in a terabyte ?
ENTY:in what ways did ivan iv support russian expansion ?
NUM:approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
ENTY:what sport is known for hooligans ?
HUM:who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
HUM:who was damocles ?
ENTY:what sport was the first televised in the u.s. ?
HUM:name dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
NUM:when was the congress of vienna ?
DESC:what are the lyrics to `` smelly cat '' ?
NUM:how much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
NUM:what year was the first automobile manufactured ?
NUM:how many colonies did germany get to keep after world war i ?
NUM:how many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
HUM:whose biography by maurice zolotow is titled shooting star ?
ENTY:what concerts are held in new york this week ?
HUM:in the movie groundshog day what is the name of the character played by andie macdowell ?
DESC:what are the requirements for becoming a citizen of australia ?
NUM:how old is benny carter ?
HUM:what are the top ten all-time money making nfl teams ?
ENTY:what were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
LOC:where can i read about chiang kai-shek ?
LOC:what country borders the most others ?
ABBR:what does the e stand for in the equation e=mc2 ?
LOC:what river runs through colorado , kansas , and oklahoma ?
ENTY:which airplane did fawaz younis hijack ?
DESC:what is win rah ?
DESC:why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
ABBR:what does vcr stand for ?
DESC:how close a cousin was franklin d. to theodore roosevelt ?
ENTY:name a novel written by john steinbeck .
HUM:who was the first american citizen awarded the albert medal of the society of arts ?
HUM:what doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
DESC:how do boats float ?
NUM:what are the shoe sizes of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ?
HUM:who founded the unification church ?
NUM:how many zeros are there in a trillion ?
ENTY:what was the name of the crimean meeting of roosevelt , churchill , and stalin ?
HUM:what are the only players eligible to score points in roller derby called ?
NUM:what are the statistics for drunken drivers in maryland ?
HUM:what ill-fated american general dragged a bull terrier named willie through world war ii ?
NUM:what 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
LOC:where does tuberculosis come from ?
HUM:who invented the lawnmower ?
LOC:where can i find lyrics for r&b ?
ENTY:what is the name of david letterman 's dog ?
HUM:what u.s. senator once played basketball for the new york knicks ?
ENTY:what are the titles of some r-rated sony playstation games ?
ENTY:what playing card symbolizes death ?
DESC:what is an urban legend ?
HUM:what is li 'l abner 's last name ?
NUM:how many liberty bells have there been ?
LOC:what two countries are separated by the bering strait ?
DESC:what is smartnet ?
ENTY:what is a synonym for aspartame ?
LOC:jackson pollock is of what nationality ?
DESC:what are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
ENTY:name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
HUM:what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
ENTY:which thrilled taste buds first - snickers or 3 musketeers ?
ENTY:what animal do buffalo wings come from ?
DESC:what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my computer keyboard ?
NUM:when was franklin d. roosevelt stricken with polio ?
DESC:how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
DESC:how do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
LOC:where on the internet can i get chemicals importers ?
LOC:what was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
ENTY:what was the 24-disc john gabel entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
DESC:what is the feudal system ?
HUM:who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
ENTY:what 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
LOC:what prison is found in ossining , new york ?
LOC:what country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to russians ?
DESC:what is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
ENTY:name the story by chris van allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
ENTY:what are the components of polyester ?
HUM:who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
HUM:what hall of fame pitcher started three world series games for the new york yankees in 1962 ?
LOC:what is the longest river in the united states ?
ABBR:what does the channel espn stand for ?
LOC:what river is windsor castle on ?
ENTY:what is the best brand for a laptop computer ?
LOC:where is natchitoches , louisiana ?
DESC:what do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
HUM:what political party is sinn fein a part of ?
ENTY:what was franklin roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the great depression ?
HUM:what is the name of a greek god ?
LOC:what 's the capital of taiwan ?
NUM:what is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
HUM:what was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
ENTY:what did louis cartier invent for aviator santos dumont in 1940 ?
NUM:what will the california gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
LOC:what city is served by tempelhol airport ?
HUM:who directed the first woody woodpecker cartoon ?
ABBR:cnn is an acronym for what ?
DESC:what is the origin of the name igor ?
ENTY:what was the first gilbert and sullivan opera ?
HUM:what two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
LOC:where in the united states do people live the longest ?
LOC:what country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
NUM:what is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
NUM:what was the first minimum wage ?
DESC:what is the difference between a college and a university ?
ENTY:what substance did joseph priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
DESC:what are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
DESC:how can i get my product licensed by the nba ?
ENTY:what fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
DESC:what effect does a prism have on light ?
NUM:how many people lived in nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
DESC:what is software piracy ?
NUM:what year was janet jackson 's first album released ?
DESC:how do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
HUM:what tv character sired a horse named thunder ?
DESC:what are some children 's rights ?
LOC:what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
HUM:what baseball player was known as charley hustle ?
HUM:who killed lee harvey oswald ?
ENTY:what 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign gemini ?
HUM:who was red grange ?
HUM:what hockey team did wayne gretzky play for ?
ENTY:what series of trials followed world war ii ?
HUM:what ivy league school plays its home games at palmer stadium ?
HUM:who invented the fax machine ?
NUM:how wide is the atlantic ocean ?
DESC:how is the element strontium purified ?
ENTY:what was the eighth day following the nones in each month of the roman calendar called ?
HUM:what singer 's theme song was when the moon comes over the mountain ?
DESC:how did peabody and sherman travel through time ?
HUM:who was santos-dumont ?
NUM:how many meters are in a mile ?
ENTY:what is a fear of money ?
NUM:about how many soldiers died in world war ii ?
HUM:who is rocky 's and bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
HUM:who is robin williams ?
HUM:who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
HUM:who created `` the muppets '' ?
DESC:how do you make dumplings ?
ENTY:the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines is called what ?
ENTY:what is the name of the family circus 's dog ?
ENTY:what did martin luther post on the church door at wittenberg ?
DESC:what is the meaning of the name kathryn ?
HUM:name one of the major gods of hinduism .
DESC:what should you do for an ankle sprain ?
ENTY:what dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
ENTY:what is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
HUM:what two us biochemists won the nobel prize in medicine in 1992 ?
HUM:what record company was formed by herb alpert and jerry moss ?
LOC:where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
DESC:what is thermal equilibrium ?
ENTY:what is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
HUM:what fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
DESC:what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
NUM:how many neurons are in the human brain ?
ENTY:what is a fear of reptiles ?
ENTY:what does knight ridder publish ?
LOC:what city is . kdge radio located in ?
ENTY:what can one see in reims ?
DESC:how is an executioner determined ?
LOC:what city was bobby kennedy assassinated in ?
ENTY:what 's the highest possible bid in contract bridge ?
DESC:what is the medical condition of hypertension ?
LOC:what london museum features a chamber of horrors ?
LOC:what city is served by mccarren airport ?
NUM:how many lakes are there on the earth ?
DESC:what is doegs ?
HUM:who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ?
NUM:how long does a fly live ?
ENTY:what two major world religions began in india ?
NUM:how many pounds are there in a stone ?
ENTY:what kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
ENTY:what is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the marvel universe ?
NUM:what amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
DESC:how do you select wine ?
NUM:how many miles is it from frankfurt , germany to salzburg , austria ?
NUM:how many chairs are shown in vincent van gogh 's 188 work the artist 's room in arles ?
ENTY:what is a fear of stings ?
ENTY:jude law was in what movie ?
LOC:what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
LOC:where can i find a case on americans with disabilities act of 199 ?
HUM:who is the prophet that is most connected to the dead sea ?
NUM:what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
DESC:what is infomatics ?
DESC:what is the purpose of bios ?
ENTY:what is the name of the kids ' show from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
LOC:where are the apartments in saint john , new brunswick ?
HUM:who wrote `` the pit and the pendulum '' ?
ENTY:what does a resurrectionist steal ?
DESC:why did the shea & gould law firm leave los angeles ?
ENTY:what two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
HUM:who is the incredible hulk in reality ?
ABBR:what does nasa stand for ?
ENTY:which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
NUM:what month did the edmund fitzgerald sink ?
HUM:who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia ?
HUM:who played al jolson in the jolson story ?
DESC:what is a pig in a poke ?
LOC:where were the 196 summer olympics held ?
LOC:where is los vegas ?
LOC:name the country which honecker lived in .
LOC:what u.s. state are the finger lakes in ?
DESC:what is a cullion ?
LOC:what are the ten safest american cities for pedestrians ?
HUM:what tv detective did craig stevens play ?
DESC:what are the most common causes of death in the u.s. ?
LOC:where can i find a picture of a blue meanie ?
HUM:what university fired angela davis ?
LOC:what u.s. state does the continental divide leave to enter canada ?
HUM:in the past 8 years who have the mvp players for the nhl been ?
ENTY:in ad 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
HUM:who played emperor palpatine in star wars ?
LOC:what 's the name of the wilkes plantation in gone with the wind ?
LOC:where is the statistical abstract of the united states online ?
ENTY:what 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
DESC:what was the importance of magellan ?
NUM:when was the brandenburg gate in berlin built ?
DESC:what do i have to do to get good grades in school ?
HUM:whose husbands have included conrad hilton jr. , and michael wilding ?
ABBR:what does the number `` 5 '' stand for on fubu clothing ?
HUM:who is king in alley oop 's home of moo ?
ENTY:what four tastes can a human distinguish ?
HUM:what is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
NUM:how much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
NUM:what percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
DESC:what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
NUM:what date is boxing day ?
NUM:how many inches tall is stuart little at birth ?
ENTY:what 1953 film won frank sinatra a best supporting actor oscar ?
NUM:how many stradivarius violins were ever made ?
HUM:who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
DESC:what is a leper ?
LOC:what was einstein 's birthplace ?
ENTY:what was george washington afraid of ?
NUM:what century 's the setting for tv 's the adventures of robin hood ?
HUM:who wrote the bible ?
ENTY:what are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
DESC:what are the `` star wars '' satellites ?
HUM:who is henry butler ?
NUM:what debts did qintex group leave ?
HUM:which u.s. president is buried in washington , d.c. ?
ENTY:what is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
ENTY:what did san francisco 's milt harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
HUM:what college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
LOC:where are the austerlitz and victor hugo subway stops ?
LOC:where did ty cobb grow up ?
DESC:what is a philanthropist ?
DESC:what is a portal ?
ENTY:what tom wolfe book is about the mercury astronauts ?
ENTY:what cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
NUM:what is the per-capita income of colombia , south america ?
NUM:how many types of cheese are there in france ?
NUM:how many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
NUM:how many websites are there in the world ?
ENTY:what is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
HUM:who made the first airplane ?
ENTY:what measures did clinton take to avoid the draft ?
ENTY:what are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
NUM:how many points is a disk in the center hole worth in crokinole ?
DESC:how do websites like yahoo and excite make money ?
LOC:what general direction does the journey in around the world in 80 days proceed in ?
DESC:how do they produce vitamins ?
HUM:the lawyer who represented randy craft , what was his name ?
HUM:what organization is the security council a part of ?
LOC:what is new england 's highest mountain ?
ENTY:what tv station did mary richards work for ?
DESC:what does idle mean ?
DESC:what was the claim to fame of the football game that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
DESC:what is a serigraph ?
ENTY:what football bowl game 's first queen was hallie woods ?
HUM:who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
NUM:what year did the war of 1812 begin ?
DESC:what are the words to the cd eminem 's , or slim shady , `` my name is '' ?
ENTY:what does final four refer to in the sports world ?
HUM:who is peter weir ?
ENTY:what medium is stuart hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
DESC:what is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
NUM:how many verses are in the bible ?
DESC:what is endometriosis ?
DESC:what is a geoscientist ?
HUM:what robust u.s. president imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
ENTY:what are all the different types of pizza ?
DESC:from what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
LOC:in what nation is edessa located nowadays ?
LOC:name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
ENTY:what drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
DESC:what is the vdrl test of blood ?
NUM:what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
HUM:what was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
LOC:where is the largest dam in the world ?
HUM:who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
HUM:what did andy hardy 's father do for a living ?
NUM:independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
LOC:in what part of the world is mozambique ?
HUM:who are woody woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
ENTY:what film opens with an assassin tumbling from the seattle space needle ?
DESC:how can i give myself a french manicure ?
HUM:who was the first english circumnavigator of the globe ?
DESC:what is the definition of the scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
NUM:what is the salary of a u.s. representative ?
HUM:who made the largest cocaine seizure in ventura county history ?
HUM:who liberated 19th century sicily and naples ?
LOC:on what river is strasbourg built ?
NUM:what 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
LOC:what country is located at 13 degrees north latitude and 10 degrees east longitude ?
LOC:where are the busiest ports in the world ?
NUM:what is the pig population of the world ?
DESC:how does the car in `` christine '' become possessed ?
LOC:what city does mccarren airport serve ?
DESC:what are the low countries ?
ENTY:what rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
ENTY:aspartame is also called what ?
ENTY:what is a fear of trees ?
HUM:what actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading scotland forever ?
ENTY:what holidays or observances are celebrated in italy ?
HUM:who appointed the chair of the federal reserve ?
DESC:why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
ABBR:in a computer , what does scsi mean ?
DESC:why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
LOC:where can i find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along north america and the caribbean ?
HUM:what english queen had six fingers on one hand ?
ENTY:what kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
NUM:when did mount st. helens last erupt ?
ENTY:what does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
DESC:what exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
NUM:how many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?
NUM:what time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
DESC:what does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
LOC:what 's the longest river in canada ?
HUM:what tennis player has the nickname `` nasty '' ?
HUM:what non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed jack the dripper by time ?
NUM:how many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
NUM:how many millimeters are in a mile ?
NUM:how big is a baby bald eagle ?
ENTY:what color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
ENTY:stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
NUM:what was the great britain population from 1699-172 ?
DESC:how can a foreigner get a u.s. social security card ?
ENTY:what is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
ENTY:what is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?
LOC:what mountain range marks the border of france and spain ?
ENTY:what late-night tv show features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ?
ENTY:what is the fastest computer ?
HUM:who founded the modern theory of probability ?
ENTY:what 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
NUM:how many people did randy craft murder ?
HUM:who 's the king of swing ?
HUM:what bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san francisco ?
DESC:what does the term glory hole mean ?
HUM:what south vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
DESC:what 's the staff of life mentioned in the lord 's prayer ?
NUM:how old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
NUM:when was the hoover dam constructed ?
ENTY:what ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
NUM:how many tenths of the earth 's surface lie under water ?
NUM:what is the pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
DESC:how does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
HUM:who won the 1968 california democratic primary ?
HUM:who spoke the only word in mel brooks 's silent movie ?
HUM:what was thatcher 's first name ?
DESC:how do i get my lan card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a hub ?
DESC:what do insects do through their spiracles ?
HUM:name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
ENTY:what are the languages spoken by the natives in afghanistan ?
DESC:what is the origin of boxing day ?
ENTY:what robert louis stevenson novel was inspired by deacon william brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
ENTY:what is a fear of rejection ?
DESC:what was the rallying cry of the early american revolutionaries ?
HUM:who was the first russian astronaut to walk in space ?
ENTY:what is the best selling computer model ever ?
HUM:who wrote ` dubliners ' ?
NUM:what is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
DESC:what are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
DESC:what 's the claim to fame of night watchman frank wills ?
ENTY:name of king arthur 's sword ?
ENTY:what 1981 candice bergen-jacqueline bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's old acquaintance ?
HUM:who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
NUM:what is the fare cost for the round trip between new york and london on concorde ?
DESC:what is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
DESC:what does the name calder mean ?
HUM:who said `` give me liberty or give me death '' ?
ABBR:what does the abbreviation oas stand for ?
ENTY:what frederick forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an african government by mercenaries ?
DESC:what makes black hills , south dakota a tourist attraction ?
NUM:by how much will the california state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
HUM:what 's japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
HUM:name of the powerful white trader in conrad 's `` heart of darkness '' ?
NUM:how long is the border between canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
ENTY:what do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?
ENTY:what color is the cross on switzerland 's flag ?
LOC:what is the largest island in the mediterranean sea ?
NUM:what was joe namath 's first contract worth ?
LOC:where is rider college ?
DESC:how can i gain access to a spy satelite ?
DESC:what is archimedes famous for ?
LOC:where does dew come from ?
NUM:how old was lucille ball when the show `` i love lucy '' premiered ?
ENTY:what 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
LOC:what landmark italian restaurant can be found at 239 west 48th street , new york city ?
ENTY:what do you call a book of quotes ?
NUM:how many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
LOC:what are some mythology websites ?
DESC:what is cunnilingus ?
HUM:rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
ENTY:what 1942 espionage movie reunited director john huston with maltese falconers humphrey bogart , mary astor , and sidney greenstreet ?
LOC:what nationality is ileana cotrubas ?
DESC:what is object-oriented design ?
DESC:why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
NUM:what is the population of kansas ?
HUM:who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
HUM:what is the name of the deranged super-criminal otto octavius uses ?
HUM:whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank-yous ?
HUM:name the tree growing company .
ENTY:what is dr. seuss ' most popular book ?
DESC:how does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
LOC:where did the world come from ?
DESC:what does verdandi mean ?
ENTY:what animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
LOC:what island group is guadalcanal a part of ?
HUM:who declared : `` i think i 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
DESC:what is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
DESC:how do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
NUM:how many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
DESC:how can you define time ?
NUM:what is judy garland 's date of birth ?
ABBR:what does hiv stand for ?
ENTY:what is shirley maclaine known as ?
DESC:how is plastic made ?
ENTY:what are the 7 principles of learning from the institute for research on learning , irl ?
ENTY:what book was f. scott fitzgerald working on when he died in hollywood in 194 ?
DESC:how do ants have sex ?
HUM:which former ku klux klan member won an elected office in the u.s. ?
NUM:what is the length of border between the ukraine and russia ?
ENTY:what joins white wine to put the spritz in a spritzer ?
DESC:what is a nematode ?
DESC:what is the meaning of `` cpr '' ?
ENTY:what color are seven of every 10 houses in the u.s. ?
ENTY:what does a phobophobe fear ?
DESC:what is capitalism according to max weber ?
LOC:what country has the highest arson rate ?
ENTY:what color beans did the ancient romans refuse to eat ?
ENTY:what do sailors use to measure time ?
HUM:who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca ?
LOC:what city does orly airport serve ?
LOC:where did woodstock take place ?
ENTY:what 's the most popular form of gambling with women in las vegas ?
HUM:what task does the bouvier breed of dog perform ?
NUM:what is the average time to kiss somene ?
LOC:what are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?
HUM:what new orleans d.a. claimed : `` my staff and i solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
LOC:where can one find rider college ?
NUM:how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
DESC:why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
ENTY:what is bella abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
HUM:what was the real name of writer ross macdonald , creator of the hero lew archer ?
ENTY:what spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
DESC:what does the word affiant mean ?
NUM:how big is australia ?
ENTY:what does it take to be a hero ?
DESC:how do they type chinese characters on a keyboard ?
ENTY:what animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?
ENTY:what is a fear of ruin ?
LOC:what countries have the most auto thefts ?
HUM:who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
HUM:what director portrayed the commandant of the pow camp in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
HUM:what are the names of jacques cousteau 's two sons ?
ENTY:what british tv series inspired all in the family ?
DESC:what does the word terrorism mean ?
HUM:who accompanied space ghost on his missions ?
DESC:what does n est-ce pas mean ?
ENTY:name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except q , with no repeats .
DESC:what is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
HUM:what world war ii leader declared : `` the blow has been struck '' ?
DESC:how can i get a cct diagram ?
LOC:what country boasts ismail 's palace and the palace of king farouk ?
ENTY:what broadway show introduced the song some enchanted evening ?
DESC:what is a plant supplement ?
LOC:where could i go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
HUM:when not adventuring on rann , what does adam strange call his profession ?
DESC:how do you do a bibliography page ?
HUM:what occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
ENTY:what drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?
NUM:how loud is thunder ?
HUM:what california governor said : `` inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
DESC:what is an ecological niche ?
HUM:who is desmond tutu ?
HUM:who was the first person to study the stars ?
DESC:where did the term fireplug come from ?
DESC:what facial feature did walt disney sport that none of disney 's employees is allowed to ?
HUM:who is the author of the book , `` the iron lady : a biography of margaret thatcher '' ?
HUM:what are the top 10 colleges in the united states in the field of engineering ?
NUM:how much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , thomas jefferson on it ?
NUM:what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
LOC:where is the bridge over the river kwai ?
DESC:how do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
NUM:how many people did the united nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in somalia in september 1992 ?
NUM:how many elephants are left on earth ?
ENTY:what is a softball made of ?
ENTY:what `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer prince 's hit song ?
HUM:who did doris day mean when she said : `` i call him ernie because he 's certainly no rock '' ?
ENTY:what kind of species is the monster in the film `` jaws '' ?
NUM:when was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
DESC:what is a drought ?
DESC:what are the benefits of home school ?
LOC:what scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
ENTY:what is the best-selling book of all time ?
DESC:what do hank aaron , jimmy stewart , and howard k. smith have in common ?
ENTY:what are the first six words of dickens 's a tale of two cities ?
NUM:how long would it take to get from earth to mars ?
LOC:where can i get mailing lists ?
HUM:who is the owner of cnn ?
NUM:how long was the oj simpson trial ?
LOC:what country lies directly south of detroit ?
LOC:where did surfing originate ?
DESC:why was henry ford 's first automobile calleda model t & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a model a ?
DESC:how do companies cut paper so thin ?
DESC:what is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
DESC:what nuclear process takes place in an h-bomb ?
NUM:what 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
ENTY:what card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
ENTY:what 's the hungarian word for pepper ?
ENTY:what does the peugeot company manufacture ?
NUM:how many different countries export coffee ?
ENTY:what is a fear of everything ?
NUM:how many continents are there ?
ENTY:which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
DESC:what is office automation ?
ENTY:what instrument does benny carter play ?
HUM:what knighted actor narrates tv 's the world at war ?
HUM:what football coach 's story was told in the movie run to daylight ?
HUM:what businesses in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez oil spill ?
DESC:what does lloyd 's lutine bell announce ?
NUM:when did the chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
LOC:where did the maya people live ?
ENTY:what do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
HUM:what was the name of randy craft 's lawyer ?
DESC:what is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
LOC:kosovo is a province of what country ?
LOC:what new england state covers 5.9 square miles ?
ABBR:what is the abbreviation for original equipment manufacturer ?
NUM:hitler came to power in germany in what year ?
HUM:who markets spaghetti-o 's ?
ENTY:what did the ancients call the four great elements ?
LOC:where are the haversian canals ?
ENTY:what animal 's tail is called a brush ?
NUM:how many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
ENTY:what were the names of the three ships used by columbus ?
HUM:who co-starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ?
LOC:where can i find the status of my tax return ?
NUM:what is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
ENTY:what is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?
DESC:how do wasps make their nests ?
NUM:when was general manuel noriega ousted as the leader of panama and turned over to u.s. authorities ?
NUM:how many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
ENTY:what kind of crystals exist ?
ENTY:which is the best opening move in chess ?
ENTY:what do ladybugs eat ?
HUM:who was ezra taft benson ?
ENTY:what is the taj majal made of ?
LOC:where is the kentucky horse park ?
HUM:what argentine boxer was shot dead outside a nevada brothel in may ?
LOC:what country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
DESC:what happened to pompeii ?
ENTY:what does a farrier put shoes on ?
ENTY:name a sioux language .
ENTY:what does saliva consist of ?
HUM:what is jimmy olsen 's full name ?
NUM:how many people have died of tuberculosis ?
ENTY:what is another name for nearsightedness ?
NUM:how many days does a typical mayfly live ?
HUM:what famous new york city mayor wrote the hit song , `` will you love me in december as you do in may ? ''
LOC:what russian city used to be called st. petersburg and petrograd ?
DESC:what is the definition of a witch ?
DESC:what are the cookies in internet ?
NUM:how many votes in congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with japan ?
HUM:who is pia zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
HUM:what u.s. president was the first to breed mules ?
DESC:what is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
HUM:what astronomer-architect designed the present st. paul 's cathedral in london ?
HUM:what feminist wrote sexual politics and flying ?
HUM:who was the first american world chess champion ?
ENTY:what is the zodiac sign for august 14 ?
HUM:who was the last woman executed in england ?
NUM:how many school districts are there in the united states ?
HUM:what university football team did o.j. simpson take to the rose bowl ?
ABBR:what does snafu stand for ?
ENTY:what color is chablis ?
HUM:what nfl team did vince lombardi end his coaching career with ?
NUM:how much iron is in your body ?
DESC:what is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
NUM:when did thatcher become prime minister ?
LOC:what are some good fractal web sites ?
LOC:what country imposed the berlin blockade in 1948 ?
ENTY:what future movie treat was introduced to american colonists in 1603 by native americans ?
HUM:who is prince naseem hamed ?
LOC:what kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
NUM:how many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
LOC:where is webster university ?
ENTY:what sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
ENTY:what is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of california ?
NUM:how hot should the oven be when making peachy oat muffins ?
NUM:how old is britney spears ?
LOC:where can i get piano music for the jamiroquai song everyday for the midi ?
LOC:what country 's capital was formed when pesth and buda merged ?
DESC:what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
DESC:what is proposition 98 about ?
LOC:what town was the setting for the music man ?
ENTY:what did woody allen call the japanese gangster film he dubbed into english as a comedy ?
DESC:why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
HUM:what title does comedian henry youngman claim ?
ENTY:what is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
HUM:who made the first airplane that could fly ?
ENTY:what kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the english civil war time ?
LOC:where can i find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
DESC:what makes salt ?
NUM:how many people die from snakebite poisoning in the u.s. per year ?
NUM:how high is the city of denver ?
HUM:who was international olympic committee chairman at the 1936 summer games ?
NUM:when was florida admitted into the union ?
NUM:how many times a year does the american gourd society publish the gourd ?
LOC:where can i read about abraham lincoln ?
NUM:what will the increase be in the california gas tax by 2000 ?
NUM:how far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
ENTY:what whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
HUM:what appointments secretary to richard nixon went to jail ?
HUM:who released the internet worm in the late 1980s ?
HUM:what is the name of the american who was captured when his plane went down over syrian-held lebanon ?
DESC:where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
DESC:what is lung cancer ?
HUM:what school does tom attend in tom brown 's school days ?
HUM:what basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
ENTY:what does playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between playboy and its readers '' ?
NUM:how many american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
NUM:how many cables support the main span of the golden gate bridge ?
NUM:how much did manchester united spend on players in 1993 ?
DESC:why were red m&ms discontinued then brought back ?
ENTY:what does it take to become a lawyer ?
HUM:who invented the fountain ?
LOC:what room did w.c. fields keep his library in ?
HUM:what batman character tools around on a batcycle ?
ENTY:what are the main blood vessels ?
DESC:what does `` saute '' mean ?
LOC:where can i find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
ENTY:what type is a snail ?
HUM:who was sherlock holmes 's archenemy ?
LOC:where is `` global schoolhouse '' ?
NUM:how many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
ENTY:what are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
LOC:what volcano showers ash on sicily ?
LOC:where are the u.s. headquarters for procter & gamble ?
DESC:why did the aztecs first think the spanish were gods ?
DESC:what are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
ENTY:what does warner bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?
NUM:when did mount st. helen last have a major eruption ?
ENTY:what are super balls made of ?
HUM:what 's the name of tom sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
ENTY:what is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?
HUM:which member of the micronauts spent 1 years traveling the microverse in the marvel comics ?
HUM:what doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` there is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
NUM:how long has l.l. cool j. been married ?
NUM:how much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
HUM:what comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named cauliflower mcpugg ?
NUM:how tall is prince charles ?
NUM:what is the weight of air ?
ENTY:what is a fear of children ?
DESC:what is ouzo ?
ENTY:what race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
LOC:what is the capital of uruguay ?
ABBR:what does the t.s. stand for in t.s. eliot 's name ?
NUM:how long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
HUM:who is william wordsworth ?
DESC:what is making love ?
HUM:who is charles lindbergh ?
NUM:how tall is the replica of the matterhorn at disneyland ?
LOC:what are the largest deserts in the world ?
LOC:where is qatar ?
DESC:why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
LOC:what is the richest state in the u.s. ?
HUM:who is the prime minister in norway ?
DESC:what is a urologist ?
HUM:what actress starred in `` the lion in winter '' ?
ENTY:what 's bottled in jeroboams ?
HUM:who won the rugby world cup in ?
HUM:what is nicholas cage 's profession ?
NUM:how many times was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
NUM:how many pins are used in skittles ?
DESC:what qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
LOC:what california bridge was don brown the first to cross , on may 27 , 1937 ?
HUM:who is the famous sister of actress olivia de havilland ?
HUM:which german president was pressured into appointing hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
NUM:how many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
DESC:what is the history of the hairdryer ?
ENTY:which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
ENTY:what trade did the 15th and 16th century portuguese hope to control between asia and europe ?
DESC:what happened in the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
LOC:what was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
ENTY:what is a fear of sinning ?
LOC:where is the thomas edison museum ?
NUM:what was the first minimum wage ?
LOC:what is the name of the highest mountain in africa ?
LOC:what mountain range extends from the gulf of st. lawrence to alabama ?
NUM:how many types of lemurs are there ?
ENTY:what are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in new england ?
ENTY:what 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the u.s. ?
HUM:what businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
HUM:what famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
HUM:what onetime member of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
NUM:how many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
HUM:who was darth vader 's son ?
ENTY:what are the four most widely-used languages in north america ?
ENTY:what war was fought by the spanish as far as the philippines ?
DESC:how do you make a million bucks ?
HUM:who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
LOC:what is the largest city in connecticut ?
HUM:what actor and actress have made the most movies ?
DESC:what is the definition of spamming ?
HUM:who found hawaii ?
LOC:where can i find free piano scores for popular music ?
NUM:when did the american civil war end ?
LOC:what country is the largest diamond producer ?
NUM:how long does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
ENTY:what beer is ` rockin ' america ? ''
ENTY:what is a fear of women ?
HUM:who protects dc comics ' realm of dreams ?
ENTY:what are dinosaur droppings called ?
DESC:what was the infamous feat of germany 's u-2 submarine ?
ENTY:what homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the trojan wars ?
NUM:when did the vesuvius last erupt ?
ENTY:what is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
NUM:when did the supercontinent pangaea break up ?
ENTY:what kind of mammal is a colt ?
HUM:who created harry lime ?
DESC:why do many native american students not complete college ?
ENTY:what color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
HUM:who was president cleveland 's wife ?
ENTY:what class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
ENTY:what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon 's lead dog ?
ENTY:what film featured a snarly character named kid shelleen ?
HUM:what company named one of its pens `` the banana '' ?
LOC:what 's the capital of monaco ?
NUM:how big is the electoral college ?
ENTY:what is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
ENTY:what is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which british troops killed over 3 unarmed indian protestors ?
HUM:who invented the moog synthesizer ?
HUM:who makes the `` die hard '' car battery ?
NUM:how long does it take to travel from tokyo to niigata ?
LOC:what state is the filenes store located in ?
NUM:what is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
DESC:what is a disaccharide ?
DESC:colin powell is most famous for what ?
ENTY:what star-faring race brought about the inhumans on marvel 's earth ?
DESC:how do you buy stocks ?
DESC:what does appropriates money mean ?
HUM:what is the name of dolly parton 's rarely seen husband ?
LOC:where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
HUM:whose old london come-on was : `` buy my sweet lavender '' ?
DESC:how did former wwf wrestler rick rude die ?
ENTY:what line of luggage is named after a famous american flier ?
ENTY:what is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
NUM:what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
NUM:how many american actors were nominated for the best actor oscar for 1983 ?
NUM:when did lucelly garcia , a former ambassador of columbia to honduras , die ?
NUM:how long was the longest sneezing attack ?
DESC:how can i get rich quick ?
DESC:how is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
ENTY:what program do i need to run a .tbk file ?
LOC:what is the seafaring name for the southern tip of south america ?
HUM:what two new york yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
ENTY:what are the 10 plagues of egypt ?
DESC:what is the history of hot wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
ENTY:what is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
NUM:when did nixon visit china ?
NUM:what 's the third month of the gregorian calendar ?
LOC:what country owns corsica ?
NUM:how many queen bees reign in a hive ?
ENTY:what sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
ENTY:what meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first tv dinner ?
ABBR:what is ram in the computer ?
DESC:what is a `` repeating voter '' ?
DESC:what are dingoes ?
LOC:where can i find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
DESC:how can i get someone 's email address ?
NUM:what chapter of the bible has the most verses ?
LOC:what ocean did the titanic sink in ?
DESC:how did p.t. barnum bill the diminutive charles s. stratton ?
NUM:in what year was the wall built ?
HUM:name one of king henry viii 's wives .
LOC:what southwestern state is dubbed the silver state ?
DESC:what are pomegranates ?
HUM:what does robin williams do ?
LOC:what country did the allies invade in world war ii 's operation avalanche ?
LOC:what famed river was hernando de soto the first european to see ?
ENTY:what chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
DESC:how do they find an epicenter ?
NUM:when was christ born ?
LOC:where do quality drinks begin ?
ENTY:in order from the top , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what colors ?
ENTY:what kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
ENTY:what were first used by john l. sullivan and james j. corbett in 1892 ?
LOC:what country surrounds san marino , the world 's smallest republic ?
HUM:who owns the rights on a tv program ?
DESC:what did cool hand luke go to jail for ?
DESC:what was the v-8 juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
ENTY:what was mae west 's last film ?
ENTY:what letter does gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
HUM:who invented astroturf ?
DESC:what makes you fat ?
ENTY:name a flying mammal .
NUM:what season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
LOC:what direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
NUM:what is the world record for the longest hair ?
ENTY:what english word contains the most letters ?
DESC:how do i know if i 'm jealous of someone ?
HUM:what democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while richard nixon spoke from the caboose ?
DESC:how does james bond like his martinis ?
LOC:what california bay 's largest island is angel island ?
ENTY:what was the name of the flight that fawaz younis hijacked ?
HUM:what former african leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
DESC:what is a wet dream ?
LOC:what california bridge was don brown the first to cross , on may 27 , 1937 ?
HUM:what camera company said , `` if you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
DESC:what happened to pepsi clear ?
NUM:how much does one ton of cement cost ?
DESC:what is a mexican hairless ?
HUM:what 2th-century american poet wrote a four-volume biography of abraham lincoln ?
ENTY:what piece of jewelry is pictured on monopoly 's luxury tax space ?
HUM:who stopped making diary entries on may 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
HUM:what journalist can be found in and around walden puddle ?
DESC:how did socrates die ?
NUM:how many sides does an obelisk have ?
ENTY:what was edward albee 's first full-length play ?
ENTY:what was lost and regained by poet john milton ?
DESC:how can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
ENTY:what songs were popular in 1948 ?
NUM:in what year was the cannon invented ?
NUM:how many languages does the pope speak ?
LOC:what bay divides maryland 's eastern and western shores ?
HUM:what is the real name of the singer , madonna ?
HUM:what frenchman claimed the following ? if god did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
ENTY:what color were ernest hemingway 's eyes ?
DESC:what is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
HUM:who was the first woman in space ?
ENTY:what is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
HUM:what professional sports league originated the college draft ?
DESC:what is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
HUM:who discovered imaginary numbers ?
HUM:who does the voices of the simpsons ?
NUM:how many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
ENTY:what religion has the most members ?
NUM:how many calories are there in a glass of water ?
HUM:who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
ABBR:what is svhs ?
LOC:where can i find info on alexander mackenzie ?
DESC:what is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
NUM:how many countries watch mtv europe ?
ABBR:what is sap ?
ENTY:what layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
NUM:what is the airport code for los angeles international ?
DESC:what was the claim to fame of explorer i , launched february 1 , 1958 ?
DESC:in the song `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
ABBR:what do the letters ce stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
LOC:where did the real st. nicholas live ?
HUM:who manufactures the software , `` photoshop '' ?
NUM:how many eyes does a bat have ?
ENTY:how do you say 2 in latin ?
ENTY:what was dwight eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
ENTY:what is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word nevermind ?
HUM:who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
DESC:what is power steering ?
LOC:where did dikembe mutombo go to college ?
HUM:what author was appointed u.s. ambassador to spain in 1842 ?
LOC:what body of water does the yukon river empty into ?
HUM:who is westview high 's band director in funky winkerbean ?
DESC:how does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
LOC:what is mark mcgwire 's e-mail address ?
NUM:how many maids were milking ?
LOC:the kentucky horse park is located near what city ?
ENTY:what is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?
ENTY:what kind of fruit is a yellow transparent ?
ENTY:what song put james taylor in the limelight ?
ENTY:what drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
ENTY:name four comic strips about pilots .
NUM:what geological time do we live in ?
DESC:how do you dunk ?
LOC:where is the massive north korean nuclear complex located ?
DESC:how do plants make food ?
LOC:where is microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
NUM:when was china 's first nuclear test ?
ENTY:what is the name given to a group of geese ?
DESC:why was washington , dc originally called district of columbia ?
DESC:how do i find a snowboarding website ?
HUM:what singer 's hit song inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
NUM:how much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
DESC:why do movie and tv stars get paid so much ?
DESC:what is a turnkey contract ?
DESC:what are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
DESC:why is the mile 528 feet ?
LOC:what asian gulf were the destroyers maddox and c turner joy shot up in ?
DESC:how is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
HUM:who is edmund kemper ?
HUM:what was mao , the chinese leader 's , full name ?
NUM:when is dick clark 's birthday ?
HUM:what radio station did paul harvey work for ?
HUM:what character narrates treasure island ?
ABBR:what is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
HUM:who starred with charlie chaplin in modern times and the great dictator ?
NUM:what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
HUM:what catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian cities ?
HUM:whom does uncle duke 's girl friend , honey , room with ?
NUM:when was the bar-code invented ?
ENTY:what has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
HUM:what team did babe ruth play his first major league game for ?
ENTY:what class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
HUM:what relative of leo tolstoy translated war and peace eight times ?
DESC:how does the nintendo `` zapper '' work ?
HUM:who was the second person ever to wear iron man 's armor ?
DESC:what is interlata internet service ?
HUM:who is the director and editor of the movie big starring tom hanks ?
DESC:what is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
LOC:what is the homelite inc. home page ?
NUM:how old was stevie wonder when he signed with motown records ?
DESC:what is `` alternative '' anymore ?
DESC:why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
HUM:who won two gold medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
NUM:where does the u.s. rank among world countries in area ?
HUM:what are the four railways in monopoly ?
LOC:what are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
ABBR:what does bmw stand for ?
LOC:name the highest mountain .
DESC:what revelation did alexander butterfield make to the senate watergate committee ?
LOC:what island is home to statues called mauis ?
ENTY:what 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
ENTY:what was the worst hurricane ?
DESC:how can i get started in writing for television ?
LOC:where was pythagoras born ?
ENTY:what 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?
NUM:what is the price for aaa 's liability auto insurance ?
ABBR:what is lmds ?
HUM:who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
LOC:what is the capital of italy ?
ENTY:what game does garry kasparov play ?
DESC:how do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
ENTY:what is kept in fort knox that is so valuable ?
NUM:what is the population of arcadia , florida ?
ENTY:what stephen king novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
HUM:who were the head writers for the smothers brothers comedy hour ?
NUM:how many people live in cities ?
NUM:how high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
HUM:what scottish poet penned to a mouse and to a louse ?
HUM:what is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
LOC:what ocean surrounds the madeira islands ?
HUM:what famous communist leader died in mexico city ?
ENTY:what was john steinbeck 's travelling companion charley ?
LOC:what are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the iberian peninsula in europe ?
NUM:how many mines can still be found in the falklands after the war ended ?
DESC:how can i get in touch with michael moore of `` roger & me '' ?
DESC:how is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
NUM:how many gallons of water go over niagra falls every second ?
ENTY:what turns blue litmus paper red ?
HUM:who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
NUM:how many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
ENTY:what is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
ENTY:what is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
ENTY:what is a fear of machinery ?
HUM:who awarded the flying fickle finger of fate ?
LOC:in sinclair lewis ' `` main street , '' what was the name of the typical american town ?
ENTY:what hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
LOC:what is the largest city in texas ?
HUM:what future deer hunter portrayed annie hall 's neurotic brother , duane ?
LOC:where can i get a map of prussia on the internet ?
ENTY:what was the longest war in u.s. history ?
DESC:what is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
LOC:what are the five richest countries in the world ?
LOC:where is mccarren airport ?
HUM:what are the top boy names in the u.s. ?
NUM:how many tiles did the space shuttle columbia lose on its second flight ?
NUM:how many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
HUM:who was the lyricist and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan ?
HUM:who was the lawyer for randy craft ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word marijuana ?
HUM:who was the 3rd president of the united states ?
ENTY:what organ contains the islands of langerhans ?
HUM:name dick tracy 's two children .
ENTY:what is a fear of points ?
NUM:what fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
DESC:how can sql queries be improved ?
ENTY:what is the most radioactive food ?
HUM:what was the previous name for the commonwealth ?
NUM:how much will gas be taxed in california by the year 2000 ?
HUM:who gave king arthur the round table ?
LOC:what state in the united states covers the largest area ?
DESC:how do you make a computer chip ?
HUM:who became president of the u.s. in 1789 ?
HUM:who wrote `` the scarlet letter '' ?
HUM:who did sara jane moore try to assassinate ?
DESC:what is linux ?
NUM:how many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
HUM:what title did shevardnadze have during the soviet era ?
ENTY:what did the pyramid-builders of egypt mainly eat ?
ENTY:what 's the international radio code word for the letter f ?
ENTY:what are the 28 tenses in the english language ?
HUM:which king signed the magna carta ?
ENTY:what software offers inventors use of cad-like design ?
DESC:what is agent orange ?
NUM:how many zip codes are there in the u.s. ?
ENTY:in beetle bailey , can you name sarge 's dog ?
DESC:why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
DESC:why did europeans first come to australia and oceania ?
DESC:what did the confederate constitution say about slavery ?
NUM:how long does it take the milky way galaxy to make one revolution ?
NUM:how many people own pets ?
LOC:what web sites are linked to the report on genesis eldercare ?
ENTY:what is a fear of lice ?
NUM:how long does it take different materials to decompose ?
NUM:how many colors are there in a rainbow ?
HUM:what was darth vader 's son named ?
DESC:what problems contributed to the high failure rate of plains farmers in the 1800s ?
HUM:what british female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
LOC:where is mccarren airport located ?
DESC:how effective are condoms in protecting against aids ?
LOC:what part of britain comprises the highlands , central lowlands , and southern uplands ?
NUM:how many marx brothers were there ?
LOC:what country is proud to claim volcano national park ?
NUM:when was babe ruth born ?
HUM:who portrayed field marshal erwin rommel in the desert fox ?
ENTY:what tv quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
LOC:what direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
NUM:how many beanie baby sites are there ?
DESC:how can i call a friend in another country when i do not know the telephone number ?
LOC:where are diamonds mined ?
DESC:how do they get teflon to stick to the pan ?
NUM:how much money did the marcos steal from their country ?
HUM:who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
HUM:who is archie bunker 's son-in-law ?
HUM:what company produces spumante ?
ABBR:what does `` b.y.o.b. '' mean ?
HUM:what major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
HUM:what president became chief justice after his presidency ?
NUM:how many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
LOC:what city has a newspaper called the plain dealer ?
LOC:what u.s. state boasts leif ericson park ?
NUM:how many flavors does baskin & robbins offer ?
HUM:who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ?
DESC:how does crosstalk relate to insb thickness in infrared detectors ?
HUM:what mayor made so many tv appearances he was asked to join aftra in 1984 ?
ENTY:which type of submarine was bought recently by south korea ?
NUM:how much in miles is a ten k run ?
HUM:who is the most sexy celebrity ?
HUM:what detective lives on punchbowl hill and has 11 children ?
LOC:where did the ukulele originate ?
HUM:rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
DESC:what does seccession mean ?
HUM:who portrayed the title character in the film the day of the jackal ?
LOC:what is the name of the gulf between sweden and finland ?
HUM:who was the first x-man to die in battle ?
DESC:what will the weather be today ?
HUM:who is the president of ghana ?
ENTY:which sex is denied voting rights in kuwait ?
LOC:what two countries is andorra nestled between ?
NUM:how long ago was the roe vs. wade decision by the supreme court ?
HUM:what terrorist group was headed by donald defreeze ?
LOC:what are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental united states ?
NUM:what is the size of the student body at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
DESC:how can i determine the radius of an ellipse ?
HUM:who starred in the movie the war of the worlds ?
NUM:how many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
HUM:what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the father of triplets ?
LOC:what is the homelite inc. home page ?
DESC:what is the golden rule ?
ENTY:what were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
DESC:how does color affect a person psychologically ?
ENTY:what type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
DESC:what is sound ?
ENTY:what was the name of the horse that fell on queen elizabeth , prince albert 's wife ?
DESC:what are the current immigration laws in us ?
ENTY:what were the five opening words on ben casey ?
DESC:why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
ENTY:what hair color can i use to just cover a little gray ?
LOC:where was tesla born ?
HUM:what does larry king do for a living ?
HUM:who shot lee harvey oswald ?
NUM:when did jaco pastorius die ?
ENTY:what blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?
ENTY:what was spawned the term `` mig alley '' ?
LOC:what 's the most common street name in america ?
DESC:what is the difference between khaki and chino ?
DESC:what is the origin of infinity ?
ENTY:what alloy do copper and tin form ?
ENTY:what plants are found in an estuary ?
DESC:colin powell is best known for what achievement ?
ENTY:what was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : a space odyssey ' ?
HUM:who portrayed renaud in casablanca ?
LOC:what country has problems with hooligans ?
LOC:what planet did percival lovell discover ?
NUM:how often are brain cells replaced ?
NUM:how much did mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
LOC:what country contains the westernmost point in south america ?
ENTY:what did abolitionists try to end ?
NUM:what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u.k. ?
DESC:why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
NUM:what year did charles dicken die ?
ENTY:what d.h. lawrence novel was originally titled tenderness ?
HUM:what rock group raised a ruckus at the white house by singing american woman ?
ENTY:what is a fear of night or darkness ?
DESC:what is the origin of the rock band led zeppelin 's name ?
DESC:how was lawrence
NUM:when did the last americans leave vietnam ?
HUM:what famed clown appeared on an early howdy doody show and insisted that clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
HUM:who was confucius ?
ENTY:what snack food has ridges ?
ENTY:what 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?
DESC:what 's the meaning of the name tatiana ?
NUM:how many people died when the estonia sank in 1994 ?
LOC:what southern california town is named after a character made famous by edgar rice burroughs ?
NUM:how many colors are there in a rainbow ?
LOC:what is the habitat of the chickadee ?
ENTY:what drug is often used to treat aids patients ?
ENTY:which of the five senses develops first ?
DESC:where did the name root beer come from ?
LOC:what city 's the kickoff point for climbs of mount everest ?
NUM:what is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
HUM:who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
ENTY:who was the first animal into space ?
ENTY:what is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
ENTY:what jules verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine nautilus ?
DESC:why is rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
DESC:what 's the state motto of california ?
HUM:what company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
ABBR:what does the acronym cpr mean ?
ENTY:the jewish alphabet is called what ?
DESC:what are the baltic states ?
NUM:how many endangered species are there in the world ?
LOC:which large u.s. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
HUM:who was the bandleader mentor of ella fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` a_tisket , a-tasket '' ?
HUM:who invented basketball ?
DESC:how has tv affected our society ?
HUM:what was the name of humphrey bogart 's club in casablanca ?
HUM:what u.s. government agency registers trademarks ?
DESC:what is osmosis ?
ENTY:what format was the major competition of vhs ?
HUM:what hockey player did ronald reagan joke he would swap texas for ?
ENTY:what is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?
ENTY:which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
HUM:what president was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the hudson river at hyde park , new york ?
NUM:how much did the first barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
LOC:what country was general douglas mcarthur in when he was recalled by president truman ?
HUM:what are the five most popular usenet groups ?
DESC:what are the seven deadly sins ?
NUM:what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
DESC:what does the name melissa mean ?
DESC:what is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
NUM:how many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
ENTY:what kind of sports team is the buffalo sabres ?
ENTY:what impenetrable system of french fortifications was built along the german frontier before world war ii ?
ENTY:what are new computer games for windows 95 or 98 ?
HUM:who domesticated the wild turkey ?
ENTY:what european race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
LOC:what country does ileana cotrubas come from ?
DESC:what 's the motto of the boy scouts ?
LOC:what two european countries are joined by the gran san bernardo pass ?
ENTY:what movie did steven spielberg direct in 1975 ?
HUM:what was the name of the us helicopter pilot shot down over north korea ?
DESC:what 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
DESC:what are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in spartanburg , south carolina ?
HUM:name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
ABBR:what does rca stand for ?
DESC:why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
ENTY:what 's the singular of dice ?
HUM:who is olive oyl 's brother ?
ENTY:what 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
ENTY:what 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
HUM:what king boycotted prince charles 's wedding ?
HUM:what does nicholas cage do for a living ?
HUM:what was the nickname of model leslie hornby ?
LOC:where is the taj mahal ?
DESC:what 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
LOC:in 139 the papal court was forced to move from rome to where ?
DESC:what is goulash ?
LOC:what capital is built around monument circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
ENTY:name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
DESC:how does a parachute work ?
ENTY:what is the first book of the old testament ?
NUM:how many of them are in sub-saharan africa ?
DESC:what is the history of spartacus , the roman slave and gladiator ?
LOC:what famed wall supports the badaling turret ?
HUM:who portrayed fatman in the television show , `` jake and the fatman '' ?
DESC:what is object-oriented design ?
DESC:what does melissa mean ?
DESC:what is form drag ?
ENTY:who were john f. kennedy 's dogs ?
LOC:where are good science sites on the internet ?
HUM:what woman was time 's man of the year for 1952 ?
DESC:what currents affect the area of the shetland islands and orkney islands in the north sea ?
HUM:who wrote the ugly duckling ?
HUM:who designed london bridge ?
NUM:how many miles are there between tel aviv , israel and memphis , tennessee ?
NUM:how many flavors of ice cream does howard johnson 's have ?
ENTY:what weapon did the crossed slits in english castles accommodate ?
LOC:where are the busiest amtrak rail stations in the u.s. ?
NUM:how many freckles does howdy doody have on his face ?
HUM:who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
DESC:how did super president gain his powers on the animated series ?
NUM:how tall was the animated king kong ?
DESC:what are values ?
NUM:what is the population of japan ?
ENTY:name an american made motorcycle .
NUM:how much did alaska cost when bought from russia ?
NUM:how many events make up the decathlon ?
DESC:what causes blue balls ?
LOC:what were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
HUM:who succeeded nikita khrushchev as first secretary of the communist party ?
HUM:who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military joint chiefs of staff ?
HUM:name of the lady the great gatsby pines for ?
ENTY:what does a chef coddle eggs in ?
NUM:how many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
LOC:what city was martin luther king jr. assassinated in ?
HUM:what celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
LOC:where 's the bernini-bristol hotel ?
HUM:who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
LOC:what is the capital of kosovo ?
HUM:what kind of company is 7-eleven ?
NUM:how many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
LOC:what were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
DESC:how did the months of the year get there name ?
ENTY:what scale measures earthquakes ?
DESC:what is a glory hole ?
ENTY:what kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the nfl ?
HUM:what are the major companies that are part of dow jones ?
HUM:what college did joe namath play football for ?
NUM:what was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
LOC:what country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
DESC:what would happen to canada if quebec separated ?
NUM:when is the jimmy buffett concert coming to the e center in camden nj ?
DESC:what is ` last chance for animals ' ?
DESC:what is the weather like on the moon ?
HUM:who was the 1st u.s. president ?
ENTY:what is the main language of sao paulo , brazil ?
NUM:how much did varian associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the boc group for ?
ABBR:what is the abbreviation of the international olympic committee ?
NUM:how many people hike ?
DESC:what are boxcars ?
DESC:how do i keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
HUM:who played maria in the film west side story ?
ENTY:what is a common anti-aids drug ?
HUM:who bestowed great power upon captain britain ?
DESC:how can you tell when figs are ripe ?
DESC:how do i love thee ?
ENTY:which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
LOC:what nationality is a sicilian ?
HUM:what is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
HUM:who was the accused in the trial of the century , which opened janurary 1 , 1935 ?
ENTY:what color was the hundred billionth crayon made by crayola ?
ENTY:what soft drink tells us to `` go hawaiian '' ?
DESC:how does a hydroelectric dam work ?
LOC:what is the oldest building in the united states ?
ENTY:what is the west virginia state animal ?
NUM:how many people died on south carolina highways in 1998 ?
DESC:what are binomial coefficients ?
DESC:what was the living room war ?
ENTY:what are some translations of the phrase `` thank-you '' ?
NUM:what is president nixon 's birthdate ?
ENTY:what is `` the great american family cereal '' ?
DESC:what was suzy parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
NUM:how many people died in the vietnam war ?
NUM:what year did montana become a state ?
NUM:when was the ussr dissolved ?
DESC:why are there letters on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ?
LOC:what japanese city was once called edo ?
HUM:who did the seven mules block for ?
HUM:what is the world 's largest distilling company ?
HUM:what 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` silence of the lambs '' ?
LOC:where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
HUM:who did napolean defeat at jena and auerstadt ?
ENTY:what household products are there for adult acne ?
HUM:what british prime minister and u.s. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
ENTY:what is the most expensive car in the world ?
NUM:how many objects orbit the earth ?
LOC:what 's the oldest capital city in the americas ?
ENTY:what leon uris novel dealt with the russian capture of berlin ?
LOC:what is the location of edinburgh , scotland ?
NUM:how many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
NUM:how long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
HUM:what was the name of the titanic 's captain ?
NUM:how big is the chappellet vineyard ?
LOC:jackson pollock was a native of what country ?
DESC:what makes sperm ?
HUM:who wrote the godfather ?
DESC:what is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
NUM:what is the frequency of vhf ?
ENTY:what sport does chris jogis play ?
LOC:what island was the target of the u.s. 's operation urgent fury ?
ENTY:what is a fear of robbers ?
ENTY:what nevil shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
DESC:what is the cause of endangered species ?
HUM:which of the following tv newsmen was a rhodes scholar ?
ENTY:what did warlock wear on his forehead in marvel comics ?
ENTY:what is the softest part of the body ?
HUM:what six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
NUM:how many islands does fiji have ?
ENTY:what line divided the north and south in the u.s. civil war ?
DESC:what is the definition of cecum ?
HUM:who invented volleyball ?
LOC:what 's the most powerful country in the world ?
HUM:name a ballet company mikhail baryshnikov has danced for ?
HUM:who led the normans to victory in the battle of hastings ?
DESC:what is the origin of the word `` teddy bear '' ?
NUM:what percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the amazon forests ?
HUM:what 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
HUM:who invented the horoscope ?
ENTY:what nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
DESC:what are fortune 500 companies ?
DESC:what is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
HUM:what king was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
NUM:how many electoral college votes does colorado have ?
HUM:what were babe ruth 's christian names ?
NUM:how many bottles of wine were prisoners in the bastille allowed per day ?
LOC:where do lobsters like to live ?
HUM:who was the first elected mayor of washington , d.c. ?
DESC:how do you fix squeaky floors ?
NUM:when was the big thompson flood ?
DESC:how do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
ENTY:what 's played at wembley stadium , london , every may ?
HUM:who wrote the sci-fi trilogy foundation , foundation and empire , and second foundation ?
NUM:how many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
HUM:what is alice cooper 's real name ?
DESC:what is the peloponnesian league ?
LOC:what two cities usually mark the extremes of english channel swims ?
NUM:how many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
HUM:who invented television ?
DESC:what are tannins ?
DESC:how does general mills manufacture cheerios ?
ENTY:what was jimmy durante 's theme song ?
HUM:name the person who burst through the screen in the lite beer commercials .
ENTY:what delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
ENTY:what after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle factory in los angeles ?
HUM:what u.s. vice-president killed alexander hamilton in a duel ?
NUM:what 's the fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
NUM:how many muscles does an oyster have ?
ENTY:what card game derived its name from biritch , or russian whist ?
HUM:who wrote `` much ado about nothing '' ?
ENTY:what is the collective noun for geese ?
DESC:what personality traits are capricorns said to have ?
LOC:where can i get information concerning child custody files for the state of utah ?
ENTY:what was john f. kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
HUM:what louisiana senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
ENTY:what hymn did john steinbeck get his title the grapes of wrath from ?
ENTY:what invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
ENTY:what 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?
HUM:who won oscars for her roles in gone with the wind and a streetcar named desire ?
HUM:what writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
HUM:in dana 's `` two years before the mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at san diego ?
HUM:who plays the cop in the movie `` kindergarten cop '' ?
NUM:how many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
ENTY:what non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
NUM:what was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
HUM:who created billy pilgrim , a survivor of the dresden firestorm ?
LOC:what country saw the origin of the asian flu ?
HUM:who is the richest woman in the world ?
DESC:what caused the death of bob marley ?
HUM:what 's mrs. bridges 's job on tv 's upstairs , downstairs ?
ENTY:what daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the usa '' ?
LOC:what lake in scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
HUM:who were the 1974 oscar winners ?
HUM:what kind of business is 7-eleven ?
DESC:what is sinn fein ?
ENTY:what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
ENTY:what do river otters eat ?
HUM:who would you use the heimlich maneuver on ?
LOC:what famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
ENTY:what five-time winner of the kentucky derby lost his first 25 races ?
DESC:what is megan 's law ?
LOC:where can i get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
LOC:where 's montenegro ?
DESC:what is usenet for the internet ?
ENTY:what was the killer whale who died at sea world of a fungal infection named ?
DESC:what is witch hazel ?
ENTY:what is state tree of nebraska ?
LOC:where is glasgow ?
ENTY:what three colors of ink are used to print a u.s. dollar bill ?
DESC:what exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
ENTY:what is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
LOC:what north american city boasts the biggest polish population ?
LOC:where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , lane victory , which merchant marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
ENTY:what does a pedometer measure ?
NUM:what is maurizio pellegrin 's age ?
NUM:how many thousands of students attend the university of massachusetts ?
HUM:what name did football 's new york titans adopt in 1963 ?
HUM:what female suspect in the game of clue is single ?
HUM:who owns cnn ?
NUM:about how many americans are still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
DESC:what is an auto-commentary ?
LOC:what is the oldest website on the internet ?
DESC:what is deconstructionism ?
DESC:what did lenny bruce say that got him arrested ?
ENTY:what newspaper returned a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent story jimmy 's world ?
ENTY:what is a fear of speaking ?
ENTY:what was hitler 's favorite movie ?
DESC:why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
DESC:what are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
HUM:what member of the little rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in darla hood ?
DESC:how is saline used in medicine ?
ENTY:what is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to el nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
ENTY:what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
LOC:what country are you visiting if you land at president duvalier airport ?
HUM:what attorney-general ordered the closing of alcatraz ?
LOC:what is a country that starts with the letter x ?
LOC:what countries earn the most from tourism ?
DESC:what is the internet2 ?
LOC:which city in china has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
NUM:when are the oscars academy awards in 1999 ?
HUM:who was the prophet of the jewish people ?
HUM:what is the most common name ?
HUM:who was the oldest u.s. president ?
ENTY:what common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
NUM:when was dubai 's first concrete house built ?
DESC:what is remembrance day all about ?
ENTY:what food did marco polo introduce into italy from the court of kubla khan ?
HUM:what diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
HUM:who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity ?
LOC:where are zebras most likely found ?
NUM:what are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
DESC:what is meant by `` capital market '' ?
DESC:in my antonia , how is mr. shimerda out of place on the farm ?
ENTY:what ship did lloyd m. bucher command ?
ENTY:name a medicine commonly used to combat aids ?
DESC:what is the difference between hair and fur ?
DESC:what is the difference between love and infatuation ?
HUM:name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by nancy and chuck .
ENTY:what foods contain vitamin b12 ?
NUM:what is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
ENTY:what are the first and last letters of the greek alphabet ?
LOC:what is the web address at which i can find the e-mail address of a member of the us house of representatives ?
ENTY:what are some ways to help someone with chicken pox ?
NUM:when did the original howdy doody show go off the air ?
NUM:how many languages are there in the world ?
HUM:who was picasso ?
HUM:who were the only two bald u.s. presidents ?
LOC:what river flows past the temple of karnak ?
HUM:what comedian was the perfect fool ?
LOC:where do you find information about the queensland national competition policy
DESC:what 's a `` coup de poing '' to a french boxer ?
DESC:what 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
ENTY:what is the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
DESC:why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
HUM:who loved flash gordon besides dale ?
DESC:what is tyvek ?
ENTY:what do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
DESC:how did asia get its name ?
ENTY:what was the name of the u.s. navy gunboat in the film the sand pebbles ?
LOC:where can i get information on the original 13 us colonies ?
ENTY:for what disease is the drug sinemet used as a treatment ?
ENTY:what are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
ENTY:what gender is not allowed to vote in kuwait ?
NUM:how many inches over six feet is tom selleck ?
ENTY:what is the name of the disease that actress hunter tylo 's baby girl has ?
HUM:who 's the only president buried in washington
NUM:how much could you rent a volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
HUM:whose singing voice was dubbed in for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady ?
LOC:what north american city sprouts the most parking meters ?
LOC:what is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the u.s. right now ?
DESC:what can i do to get into an ivy league school ?
ENTY:what film did louise fletcher win the best actress oscar for ?
LOC:where did gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
ENTY:what 1950 film won seven oscars , including best picture ?
NUM:how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
NUM:how much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
HUM:president bush compared saddam hussein to whom ?
HUM:what 's the name of pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
ENTY:what shakespeare play opens with the line : `` now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
HUM:what tv comedian worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ?
HUM:who created the character james bond ?
ENTY:what type of exercise burns the most calories ?
DESC:what is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
LOC:where did the japanese imperial forces surrender to end wwii ?
ABBR:what is mikhail gorbachev 's middle initial ?
NUM:how many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
HUM:what british general surrendered to the colonial army at saratoga ?
DESC:how can people from ireland come to the u.s. , work , and then return to ireland ?
ENTY:what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
NUM:what is the world population as of today ?
DESC:what is the history of buffalo chicken wings ?
DESC:what is humidity ?
ENTY:what kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
HUM:what artist 's studio was the bateau-lavoir in montmartre ?
LOC:what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
NUM:how many words are there in the spanish language ?
LOC:where is there information on the novel `` el cid '' ?
ENTY:what is the chemical formula for napalm ?
DESC:what is yohimbine ?
DESC:what is `` chicago hope '' ?
NUM:how many members of a family could be drafted in the u.s. military during world war ii ?
HUM:who wrote the song , `` silent night '' ?
HUM:what company is the largest japanese ship builder ?
ABBR:what does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?
NUM:what is the average date when most malls begin putting up christmas holiday decorations ?
NUM:how many characters are in the chinese alphabet ?
HUM:who wrote the collector ?
HUM:which major diamond producer is based in south africa ?
HUM:who was samuel johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
HUM:what kind of women gave sigmund freud erotic dreams ?
ENTY:what are the cleveland indians also called ?
ENTY:what commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping north american cars off the roads during world war ii ?
NUM:how many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
HUM:who wrote the bestselling missionary travels and researches in south africa , published in 1857 ?
HUM:who played the father on `` charles in charge '' ?
NUM:what is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
LOC:where did the name daniel originate ?
ENTY:what are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
NUM:how long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
ENTY:name the islamic counterpart to the red cross .
ENTY:what are the historical trials following world war ii called ?
LOC:what states do not have state income tax ?
LOC:what city has the two steepest streets in the u.s. ?
DESC:what is margaret thatcher known for ?
LOC:name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
NUM:what 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
ENTY:what four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?
NUM:how many countries are there ?
LOC:where does most of the marijuana entering the united states come from ?
ENTY:stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
ENTY:what is the most common cancer ?
HUM:who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
DESC:how do i contact answers.com direct ?
DESC:what causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
DESC:what happened to answers.com ?
DESC:what is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
HUM:what ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
DESC:what is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
DESC:what do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
NUM:how many yards are in 1 mile ?
HUM:what actor was the first man to appear on the cover of mccall 's ?
ABBR:what does r.e.m. stand for , as in the rock group r.e.m. ?
HUM:what cruise line does kathie lee gifford advertise for ?
DESC:why do girls have to wear training bras ?
NUM:when was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
DESC:how did edith bunker die ?
LOC:what country boasts cawdor castle , glamis castle , and blair castle ?
DESC:define spumante .
ABBR:what does ph stand for ?
LOC:what country is mount everest in ?
LOC:which country is the largest country in latin america ?
HUM:name the four horsemen of the apocalypse .
DESC:what are geckos ?
ENTY:what is the name of a book written by aaron hass ?
DESC:what is cosmology ?
NUM:how many watts make a kilowatt ?
ENTY:what tv series features the adventures of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ?
HUM:what female faith healer wrote the inspirational book i believe in miracles ?
HUM:who was jinnah ?
ENTY:what did esquire name ash hole of the year for 1980 ?
LOC:where did king francis i hang the `` mona lisa '' when he owned it ?
ENTY:what 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in new orleans ?
DESC:what is habeas corpus ?
DESC:how do you use an intranet ?
HUM:what famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for blue nun wine ?
NUM:how many times has harold stassen announced a drive for the white house ?
NUM:what are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
LOC:where can i find the history of the hungarian language ?
DESC:why do usa fax machines not work in uk , nnp ?
ENTY:what cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
HUM:who tramped through florida looking for the fountain of youth ?
NUM:in 1990 , what day of the week did christmas fall on ?
ENTY:what is the name of the song that dracula plays on the organ ?
ENTY:what two animals are specifically mentioned as being in noah 's ark ?
DESC:what is federal income tax ?
HUM:what was the name of the confederate mounted guerrilla group with which jesse james and coleman younger had ridden ?
ENTY:what disease plagued europe , africa and asia ?
ENTY:what card game can feature dealer 's choice ?
NUM:how many american soldiers are stationed in south korea ?
NUM:how many feet more than 2 is the average height of the great wall of china ?
DESC:what was the verdict in the 1925 trial of john t. scopes ?
ENTY:what is the best way to travel in japan ?
NUM:how long ago did the anglican church part from the vatican ?
NUM:how much did lucy van pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
HUM:who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with the girl of the sea of cortez ?
NUM:when was the parthenon built ?
ENTY:what 1895 h.g. wells novel was written under the title the chronic argonauts ?
DESC:what is a common dolphin ?
DESC:how is answers.com funded ?
NUM:how many mountains have been named for presidents in the continental usa ?
NUM:what are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
HUM:who is the one independent member of congress ?
HUM:what is a society ruled by elders ?
HUM:what two presidents of the u.s. published books of poetry ?
HUM:which of the seven dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
HUM:what professional cricketer 's son wrote the war of the worlds in 1898 ?
ENTY:what condiment do the dutch dip their french fries in ?
ENTY:which comic strip was never turned into a broadway musical ?
ENTY:in what war was the first submarine used ?
ABBR:cpr is the abbreviation for what ?
NUM:how many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
NUM:how many miles of corridors are in the pentagon ?
DESC:how do you find the area of a circle ?
HUM:what english playwright penned : `` where the bee sucks , so shall i '' ?
DESC:what do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
ENTY:name the ship beany and cecil sailed .
NUM:how deep is a fathom ?
DESC:what was the `` dead man 's hand '' ?
DESC:how do i find a web address for a company ?
NUM:what is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
HUM:what heavyweight boxer was known as the wild bull of the pampas ?
LOC:what london street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
NUM:how old is the universe ?
NUM:when does the bible say the seasons started ?
ENTY:what animal has been called the poor man 's cow ?
DESC:where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
LOC:what bordering country is due north of costa rica ?
ENTY:what morris west novel deals with russian bishop who becomes pope ?
LOC:what nation boarders mozambique ?
ABBR:what does ekg stand for ?
NUM:the olympic games in which year allowed nadia comaneci to become popular ?
HUM:what tv talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
ENTY:what soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
DESC:colin powell is famous for what ?
ENTY:what is a fear of home surroundings ?
NUM:how many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
DESC:what is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
HUM:who invented the electric guitar ?
LOC:what is the capital of california ?
LOC:what country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
DESC:what are faults in the earth 's crust ?
DESC:what was an `` asiento '' ?
DESC:what kind of greeting is appropriate to send on yom kippur ?
NUM:how hot should the oven be when baking peachy oat muffins ?
DESC:what is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
ENTY:what don mclean song laments the day buddy holly died ?
DESC:what is srpska krajina ?
DESC:how was the kennedy money made ?
LOC:what country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
ENTY:what was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at sea world ?
HUM:who is the president of pergament ?
LOC:what city is the kentucky horse park near ?
DESC:what does esa-pekka salonen look like ?
ENTY:what cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
DESC:how did water appear on the earth ?
LOC:where did hillary clinton graduate college ?
DESC:what does robert mean ?
DESC:how do anti-locking brakes work ?
DESC:how does the chain of command work inside an us army apache helicopter ?
ENTY:which medium is hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
ENTY:what is the name of jamiroquai new album ?
DESC:what is a hormone ?
HUM:what american naval officer broke japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
DESC:what is fellatio ?
DESC:what characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
ENTY:what significant battle was fought in belgium in 1815 ?
HUM:which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in ventura county ?
HUM:who gave us the `` rolling writer '' ?
DESC:how were the days of the week named ?
HUM:who wrote the secret life of walter mitty ?
DESC:what is fiber in food ?
ENTY:what 's the traditional drink at the kentucky derby ?
HUM:who is the head of the world bank ?
DESC:why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
ENTY:what is a fear of childbirth ?
NUM:how many people does honda employ in the u.s. ?
ENTY:what species was winnie the pooh ?
HUM:what is the most popular last name ?
ENTY:what does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
HUM:who moderated the first kennedy-nixon tv debate ?
HUM:who portrayed george m. cohan in 1942 's yankee doodle dandy ?
DESC:what is the s&p 500 used for ?
DESC:what does `` philebus-like '' mean ?
NUM:when was nostradamus born ?
ENTY:what are the ingredients of coca-cola ?
HUM:who 's the only u.s. president to have won a pulitzer prize ?
DESC:what is nuclear proliferation ?
HUM:who was maria theresa ?
LOC:what is the country of origin for the name thomas ?
NUM:what is the population of the largest chilean city
LOC:what country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
HUM:what is larry king 's occupation ?
HUM:who invented `` the muppets '' ?
DESC:why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
LOC:what sea is bombay on ?
HUM:who are cartoondom 's super six ?
DESC:what does `` e pluribus unum '' on the penny mean ?
DESC:what 's the difference between tft and dual-scan display ?
DESC:what is the english meaning of caliente ?
LOC:where in the americas is it only 47 miles from the atlantic to the pacific ?
DESC:what does the word `` opera '' mean ?
NUM:how tall was the animated frankenstein
LOC:what u.s. city is known as the rubber capital of the world ?
LOC:what countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
DESC:how can you become an fbi agent ?
ENTY:what is the world 's best selling cookie ?
NUM:how many miles is it from ny to austria ?
DESC:where did the energy for the big bang come from ?
NUM:how big is the universe actually ?
HUM:what monarch signed the magna carta ?
ENTY:what 's the u.s. navy hymn ?
NUM:how many sides does a heptagon have ?
ENTY:what grand slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
LOC:where are there aborigines ?
ENTY:what toy can you make sleep ?
DESC:what caused the division between the anglicans and the vatican ?
HUM:what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
LOC:on what river is rome built ?
LOC:where on the web is adventours tours from sydney , australia ?
LOC:where were the 1936 summer olympics held ?
LOC:what cathedral was thomas becket murdered in ?
DESC:why was curious george curious ?
DESC:how did u.s.a become involved in the barbary wars
LOC:the kentucky horse park is close to which american city ?
HUM:what store does martha stewart advertise for ?
DESC:what do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
DESC:what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
NUM:how old was sir edmund hillary when he climbed mt. everest ?
LOC:where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
ENTY:what are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
LOC:what strait links the mediterranean sea and the atlantic ocean ?
LOC:what airport is on the piccadilly subway line ?
HUM:which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in ventura county ?
ENTY:what color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?
ENTY:what was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
ENTY:what did benny carter play ?
NUM:what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
LOC:what city 's airport is named logan international ?
HUM:what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
NUM:how many times more than 3
NUM:how many names are there for eskimo people ?
HUM:what king is satirized in the line : `` the king was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
DESC:what causes headaches ?
ENTY:names of books by james a. michener set in the following locations ?
HUM:what company 's trademark was his master 's voice ?
HUM:what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
HUM:what director made one silent and one sound version of the ten commandments ?
NUM:when did swimming become commonplace ?
HUM:which presidents of the usa were masons ?
HUM:what character in the beverly hillbillies has the given names daisy moses ?
HUM:what comedienne calls her sister-in-law captain bligh and her mother-in-law moby dick ?
NUM:how many gallons of paint does it take to paint the golden gate bridge ?
HUM:what president also became a supreme court justice ?
NUM:when does menstruation begin ?
LOC:where did makeup originate ?
ENTY:what is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
DESC:what is the claim to fame of agra , india ?
ENTY:what flag flies over wake island ?
NUM:how deep is a fathom ?
ENTY:what kennedy was married to ethel ?
LOC:what u.s. state is mammoth cave national park in ?
ENTY:what is the most famous german word in the english language ?
HUM:who was actress june havoc 's legendary sister ?
ENTY:what is widely used to detect birth defects ?
NUM:what is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
HUM:who killed jfk ?
HUM:who was the star witness at the senate watergate hearings ?
DESC:what is the order of the arrow in boy scouts ?
LOC:in what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
ENTY:what are the five basic swimming strokes ?
HUM:who is the son-in-law of sen. everett dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
LOC:where is erykah badu originally from ?
NUM:how old was george washington when he died ?
ENTY:what is the recipe or formula for coca-cola ?
HUM:who made the rotary engine automobile ?
DESC:what is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
NUM:how many blacks served in the vietnam war
HUM:what were the last names of gangsters bonnie and clyde ?
LOC:what is the address of the famous mexican star `` thalia '' ?
ENTY:what does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
HUM:who invented panties ?
HUM:what is pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?
ABBR:what is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?
ENTY:what sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
HUM:what president had never held an elected office until he was elected to the white house ?
ENTY:what are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
ENTY:what fruit does the ficus produce ?
HUM:who is the richest person in the world ?
DESC:what is an aurora ?
NUM:how much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
DESC:what made the short-lived star hawks strip so unique ?
ENTY:what 's the biggest-selling u.s. magazine aimed at a black audience ?
NUM:how deep is a fathom ?
ENTY:what is the primary language of the philippines ?
NUM:when did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
HUM:what international organization was founded by clara barton ?
HUM:what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
ENTY:what is the islamic equivalent of the red cross ?
NUM:how many people visit the pope each month ?
NUM:what month of the year is there no television in iceland ?
ENTY:what george harrison tune sounded too much like he 's so fine by the chiffons ?
HUM:who is buried in the great pyramid of giza ?
LOC:what is the most important nation in the world , historically ?
NUM:what is the current unemployment rate in the u.s. ?
NUM:when was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
NUM:how fast can a corvette go ?
HUM:what famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` baby '' ?
DESC:what effect does lsd have on the brain ?
HUM:what are the three most successful companies of our time ?
NUM:how much did a mcdonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?
DESC:what is a horologist ?
DESC:what was the effect of the yalta conference ?
LOC:where is the group m people from ?
LOC:what country is famous for persian rugs ?
NUM:how many were in attendance at the last supper ?
NUM:how long should you feed your puppy purina puppy chow ?
DESC:what do the figures represent on the easter island ?
ENTY:what magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
ENTY:what is the name given to the islamic counterpart of the red cross ?
DESC:how does a submarine operate ?
LOC:what city is graced by the arch of titus ?
HUM:what is michael jackson 's father 's name ?
HUM:who was the girl in peter sellers 's soup ?
HUM:what creative genius said : `` everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
DESC:how is paraguay for vacations ?
LOC:where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
ABBR:what is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
LOC:what country is bounded in part by the indian ocean and coral and tasman seas ?
NUM:how many people did randy steven craft murder ?
ENTY:what do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
ENTY:what happened on january 15 , 1969 ?
ENTY:what muhammad ali maneuver was george foreman the first victim of ?
ABBR:what is dsl ?
NUM:how many small businesses are there in the united states ?
HUM:who was ben casey 's boss ?
HUM:what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
LOC:where is ayer 's rock ?
ENTY:what 's a craps player called ?
NUM:when was the berlin wall erected ?
NUM:when was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
ENTY:what is the name of the game that garry kasparov plays ?
ENTY:what caribbean cult did marcus garvey originate ?
ENTY:what is the most widely cultivated plant ?
HUM:what wild and crazy guy wrote a book called cruel shoes ?
LOC:what city 's theatrical district has been dubbed the roaring forties ?
NUM:what should the temperature be set at while baking peachy oat muffins ?
HUM:what police force did mack sennett create ?
NUM:how many home runs did babe ruth hit in his lifetime ?
HUM:who was in death of a salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
DESC:how do i get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name kilvington ?
HUM:what is dr. ruth 's last name ?
ENTY:what 's the world 's most common compound ?
LOC:where was george washington born ?
NUM:how many colors are there in the spectrum ?
HUM:what 's the middle name of movie producer joseph e. levine ?
DESC:define sinn fein .
LOC:what two caribbean countries share the island of hispaniola ?
DESC:what is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
DESC:what is probability theory ?
HUM:who told all in ball four ?
HUM:who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany ?
LOC:what continent 's second-highest peak is mont blanc ?
LOC:what peruvian city is home to the mummified body of francisco pizarro ?
NUM:when did french revolutionaries storm the bastille ?
DESC:how can i look up someone 's e-mail address on the internet ?
NUM:how many men died building the mackinaw bridge ?
DESC:how do you tell somebody you like them ?
HUM:what name does the world know renaissance artist kyriakos theotokopoulos by ?
HUM:who is the president of bolivia ?
LOC:what nationality is gorbachev ?
HUM:who played the title role in the romantic englishwoman ?
HUM:what president once told gene autry : `` please give my regards to your wife dale '' ?
HUM:who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
ENTY:what is the shape of a football as stated in the nfl rulebook ?
DESC:what is the origin of thank you notes ?
HUM:who used auh2o as an election slogan ?
NUM:how long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
ENTY:what shakespearean play featured shylock ?
ENTY:which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
DESC:why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
DESC:what features of the african elephant are larger than those of the indian elephant ?
LOC:what south american country won its first world cup soccer title in 1978 ?
NUM:how many cullions does a male have ?
HUM:what painter popularized soup cans and brillo soap pad boxes ?
HUM:who played lucas mccain on the rifleman ?
LOC:what colorful sea 's region does greek legend say the amazons lived near ?
HUM:who was the only person convicted in the my lai massacre ?
LOC:on what continent is mozambique ?
ENTY:what words in the english have two u 's back to back ?
ENTY:what do hasidic jews refrain from while dating ?
HUM:what was the name given the 6 , 500 german airforce troops that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise ?
DESC:what is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
HUM:rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
DESC:what is the history of the soft drink mr. pibb ?
ENTY:which is a real berry : blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
ENTY:what materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
HUM:what part did benjamin franklin play in the development of the newspaper in america ?
NUM:when was microsoft established ?
NUM:when did president kennedy , lee harvey oswald , and jack ruby all die ?
LOC:what is the u.s. location of procter & gamble corporate offices ?
DESC:what is platinum ?
LOC:what state is known as the hawkeye state ?
HUM:who is the prime minister of australia ?
LOC:what are all the southern states of the u.s. ?
LOC:what does the river seine empty into ?
ENTY:what did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
ENTY:which airplane was fawaz younis convicted of hijacking ?
LOC:what state did anita bryant represent in the 1959 miss america contest ?
NUM:how many soldiers were involved in the last panama invasion by the united states of america ?
DESC:describe the long march .
HUM:what major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
NUM:how many propellers helped power the plane the wright brothers flew into history ?
HUM:what was the name of randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
HUM:who won the first general election for president held in malawi in may 1994 ?
LOC:where is south bend ?
LOC:what country has the most coastline ?
LOC:what two states is washington d.c. between ?
NUM:in what year did joe dimaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
NUM:what year was the setting for american graffiti ?
NUM:when did the art of quilting begin ?
DESC:why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
ENTY:what must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
ENTY:what is a fear of fish ?
NUM:how much did the iran-contra investigation cost ?
DESC:what does the double-o indicate in 007 ?
HUM:what argentine revolutionary fought with castro and died in bolivia in may , 1979 ?
LOC:what botanical marvel did nebuchadnezzar build ?
ENTY:what 's known as the queen of drinks ?
HUM:what famous comic strip character died of acne ?
DESC:what is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
NUM:how many john deere tractors have been manufactured ?
HUM:who is zebulon pike ?
ENTY:what did the forward-thinking simon brothers bakery of chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
NUM:when did communist control end in hungary ?
DESC:how do i legally make my own will and testament ?
DESC:how do you make the color purple ?
ENTY:what beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
HUM:what has been the most common christian name of u.s. presidents ?
NUM:how many cherubs are there on a trivial pursuit board ?
DESC:how can i search for a word within my own webpage ?
NUM:how many people live in chile ?
ENTY:what sport do the cleaveland cavaliers play ?
LOC:what european country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
DESC:why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
HUM:what english explorer discovered and named virginia ?
ENTY:what war added jeep and quisling to the english language ?
HUM:what people make up half the soviet union 's population ?
ENTY:what money was used here ?
NUM:when did charles lindbergh die ?
NUM:how many athletes did puerto rico enter in the 1984 winter olympics ?
LOC:what is the highest continent ?
HUM:who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
DESC:what are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in california ?
DESC:what is the meaning of caliente , in english , ?
LOC:where can i find information on becoming a journalist ?
ENTY:what did jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
LOC:in what city does maurizio pellegrin now live ?
HUM:who was buffalo bill ?
ENTY:what 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?
ENTY:what type of currency is used in china ?
NUM:what is the temperature today ?
NUM:what is the temperature for cooking ?
ENTY:what currency is used in australia ?
